Legend

LEGEND

SYSTEM rule of cool

1

2

RULE OF COOL Gaming presents
Legend

Jacob KURZER creative lead
Chris CAMPBELL design & testing lead
Pavel SAMSONOV art direction & layout

LEGEND SYSTEM

rule of cool

© 2013, Rule of Cool Gaming Elements of Chapters 2, 4, 5, 7, and 8 are Open Gaming Content under the Open Gaming License, © 2000 Wizards of the Coast
3

Open Game License Version 1.0a The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc ("Wizards"). All Rights Reserved. 1. Definitions: (a) "Contributors" means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content; (b) "Derivative Material" means copyrighted material including derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) "Distribute" means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d) "Open Game Content" means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) "Product Identity" means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts, creatures, characters, stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f ) "Trademark" means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) "Use", "Used" or "Using" means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) "You" or "Your" means the licensee in terms of this agreement. 2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License. 3. Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License. 4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royaltyfree, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use, the Open Game Content. 5. Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License. 6. Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying,

modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder's name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute. 7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity. 8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content. 9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License. 10. Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game Content You distribute. 11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so. 12. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected. 13. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License. 14. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. 15. Copyright Notice: Open Game License v 1.0a Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc. System Reference Document Copyright 2000-2003, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, Rich Baker, Andy Collins, David Noonan, Rich Redman, Bruce R. Cordell, John D. Rateliff, Thomas Reid, James Wyatt, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson. Creature Collection Volume 1 Copyright 2000, Clark Peterson. Modern System Reference Document Copyright 2002, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors Bill Slavicsek, Jeff Grubb, Rich Redman, Charles Ryan, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, Richard Baker,Peter Adkison, Bruce R. Cordell, John Tynes, Andy Collins, and JD Wiker Monster Manual II Copyright 2002, Wizards of the Coast, Inc. Swords of Our Fathers Copyright 2003, The Game Mechanics. Mutants & Masterminds Copyright 2002, Green Ronin Publishing. Unearthed Arcana Copyright 2004, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Andy Collins, Jesse Decker, David Noonan, Rich Redman. The Hypertext d20 SRD Copyright 2004, Jans W Carton. Legend Copyright 2010, Rule of Cool Gaming.
This sentence and all following text is the property of Rule of Cool Gaming.

4

Credits
Creative Lead
Jake Kurzer
Design and Testing Lead
Chris Campbell
Development Leads
Gordon Kagan Samuel Won
Designers
Matthew Barkey Christopher Criner Glen Nelson Kevin Ryan W. Hank West
Developers
Ben Haser Steven Nagy John Watters
Chief Editor
Tyson Monagle
Editors
Heather Campbell Timothy Collett Steven Coyne Kieran Easter Tao Sun

Art Direction
Pavel Samsonov
Cover Artist
Jessica Muraca
Illustrators
Remy Cambridge Charles Liu Jessica Muraca
Additional Illustration
Dan Morison
Graphic Design
Pavel Samsonov
Playtesting Coordinator
Steven Coyne
Publicity and Promotion
Laird Smith
Special Thanks To
Ben Challingsworth Ben Forde Bucky Caphi Timeless Error

5

Contributors

The following is a list of Kickstarter backers who contributed to the Illustrating Legend Kickstarter. We are grateful to each and every one of you, and hope you enjoy playing this game as much as (or, ideally, more than) we enjoyed making it.

aareth Aaron Brigati Adam Rajski Adam Simmons Ainsley Yeager Airen AK Alessandro Ussia Alex Higdon Alex Lapin Alexandre Cathala Allen Boston Amine Hsu Anders Andrew Andrew Bassett Andrew Riley Ann Marie Brown Antifnity APMartinez Arahoushi Artair King Bard Bloom Ben Barrow
6

Benabik Benjamin Challingsworth Billy Barnes Bradley Osburn Brian Bergdall Brian Bess Brian Gorski brynna C-0nline Calvin Chou Carl Self Carlton Carter Lockhart Casey Johnson Charles Myers Chris Best Chris Clary Chris Daniels Chris Hildebrand Chris Koch Chris Walter Christian Nord Christina Lee Christopher Butson

Christopher Stewart Andrew Harvey
Cody James Christopher Cole Ferrier Colt Buhr cptbumble Craig Lewin Curt Meyer Cyrillus Dalton Tindall Dan Dan Daniarty Shaffer Daniel Glass Daniel Santos Ferreira
Alves Daniel Siegmann Darius David Dunklee David Harriss David Matt David Schultz Dean Ray Johnson Demian Walendorff Dennis Baum

Deudanann Devin Ireson Dinnsdale Piranha DMof Darkness DocteurHalf doorknobdeity drmozh Ed Kowalczewski Eevil Elliott Eric Jenkins Eric Phillips Evan Burkey Gahrer Gary Green Gayle McDermott George D. Stefanowich Greg Hallenbeck Guillem Cazorla Gustavo La Fontaine Herman Duyker Ian Spaulding Ignifer Ingo

Jacob Williams James James Kinnard James T. King Jennifer Fuss Jenny Nilsson Jeremy Kostiew JJ João Luiz D. Feijó John B John Carter Jon Stump Jonathan Borzilleri Jonathan Neal Jonathan Wood Joseph Ashley Joseph Le May Joshua Little Justice justif Justin Lance Kalik KarakSindru Keith Davies Keith Wygant KEK7go - Obsidian
Order Kenneth Lozano Kent Jenkins Kevin Turner Kieran Easter Kira Carteh Krasnov Kyle Jacobs Kyle McLauchlan Kyle Schneider Kyle Willey

Liam Bourret-Nyffeler lordkowl Luca Beltrami luis Marcin W. Dabrowski Marcus Rush Marin Greening Mark Nau Mark Schreiber Mason Parianous Mathias Exner Matt Carlson Matt Collins Matt Landis Matt Woelk Matthew Matthew Matthew Darling Matthew Michnik Matthew Thomas Joseph
Mullen Matthew Wasiak Maurice Robinson Max Giesecke McIntyre Laurier Watts mclismoscow Meagan Sweeney MEB Mendel Michael Branham Michael Fische Michael Hertling Michael Tango Michele Bianchi Miguel R.C. Vargas Mike McC Mister Pevner

moofkenubi Morgan Mrspey mwchase Natalie Kartwright Nathaniel Kosslyn Nicholas E McKee Nicholas Larosa Nick Caldwell Nick Urruty Octavio Arango Patrick Phelan Paul Glass Philip Harboe Philomorph plums prototype00 Pyrolox Raelik Ralph Mazza RecklessPrudence Robert Ferguson Roger Sidebotham Ron Beck Ron Larcom Rudy Elizondo Ryan Jarrell Ryan Mitchell Sage Sam Sager Sam Wright Samuel Ashton Roberts Samuel Shipman Seth Brodbeck Seth Carpenter Shane Donnelly Sharyna

Shawn Moniz Silvermourn simon Ski-Bird Sparklet Stephan A. Terre Stephen Brown Stephen Rodgers Steve Steve Cates Steven Lord Steven Watkins Stormy Tadanori Thomas Keene Thomas Off Tim Troppoli Tinox TJ Todd Naevestad Tom Louis Tony Love Torolf - Alchemist of the
Obsidian Order Travis Lee Cheng Trevyn Hey Tristan Robert Valranoth Will Vesely Wingy Wojciech Gebczyk Wugger Xphile Yoder Zalabar Zejety

7

Benefactors

The following is a list of Kickstarter backers who contributed $25 or more to the Illustrating Legend Kickstarter. We are even more grateful to each and every one of you than we were to the previous guys, and hope you enjoy your backer rewards.

Adam Caverly AjarKeen Alex Donoho Alex Mullenix Alfred Kelly Amy B Aressel Austin Kavika Nichols Benjamin Bryan Bob Bob Brandon Cieniewicz Brett Easterbrook Bwubbly Chaoticag Chris Bower Christen Cody Marbach Cody Wilson crackpotTheorist Dan Conley Daniel Skiles David David Wickham
8

DeadlyReed Dean Carpenter Don Schlaich DrakeRaids Eric Ullman Erik Ottosen Evan Sutter FreeAgent Garrett Fitzgerald Gianluis Ramos Glen Nelson glitch Goggalor Gordon Kagan Greg Collins Greg Hartman gsugu Harrison Swift Hedrax Ian McDougall Ian Stanton Ian V Jack Thomas Jacob Niese

Jacob Snow Jason Au Jason Daugherty Jason Sperber JC Sander Jeff M Jere Krischel Jim Diffin Johannes Lindhart Borresen Jonathan Dean Jonathan Martin Jonathan Shaver Josh Martin Josh Webb Joshua Agnew Joshua Nanke-Mannell Kalanyr Kent Falconer Kevin Ryan Kyle Pinches Lagren Laird Smith Lauren Voswinkel linktheoriginal Magentawolf Matthew Brinker Matthew Z Max Cariaftes Michael Blanchard Michael Brewer Michael Davis Michael Staib midgetjacks

N. Cook Nadav Ben Dov Piers Excell-Rehm psythrone Randall Frechette Ray Robert Beaver Robert Hetherington Robert Lai Robert Sameh Salda007 Sam Billington Samuel Won Seth Shadowmind Shayan A SirWiffleston Skip Clarke SmileyX Steven Coyne Steven Meredith Thomas Moore Tim Prowls Tom L Tristan Smith Udz UndeadScottsman V' Weimann Zach Chrisley Zachariah Willoh Zachary Sylvain Zeful

9

Table of Contents

12­I: Introduction
13--Introduction to Roleplaying Games
14--Legend's Take on Roleplaying
18­II: Gameplay Basics
18--The Core Mechanic 19--Modifiers 20--Ability Scores
25­III: Character Creation and Advancement
25--Quick Start Guide 27--Advanced Character
Creation 32--Creating a Character above
1st level 33--Leveling Up 34--Higher-level Characters
and System Expectations 35--Level Progression
37­IV: Races
38--Dwarf 40--Elf 41--Gnome 43--Halfling 44--Human 44--Orc 46--Other Races 46--Adaptation

48­V: Classes
48--Ability Tracks 50--Types of Abilities 52--Barbarian
53--Path of War 56--Path of Destruction 57--Path of the Ancestors 58--Monk 59--Discipline of the
Serpent 61--Discipline of the Crane 61--Discipline of the
Dragon 63--Paladin
64--Judgment: The Seven Circles of Knowing
65--Bastion: The Seven Circles of Protection
66--Heroica: The Seven Circles of Endings
67--Smiting: The Seven Circles of War
68--Virtue: The Seven Circles of Renewal
69--Ranger 70--Professional Soldier 72--Daggers and Bolts 75--Battle's Tempering
76--Rogue 78--Esoterica Radica 78--Offensive Track 82--Defensive Track

86--Sage 87--Sage's Wrath 90--Force Of Will 91--Arcane Secrets
93--Shaman 94--Incantation 95--Shaman's Path 95--Spellcasting
97--Tactician 98--Tactical Insight 99--Bag of Tricks 100--Spellcasting
101­VI: Additional Tracks
101--Extra Tracks 102--Chirurgic Poet 103--Combat Alchemist 108--Elementalist 111--Elementals 115--Knight 116--Mechanist Savant 118--Necromancer 120--Runesong Scholar 122--True Mage 126--Vigilante
127--Racial Tracks 130--Celestial 132--Demon 134--Dragon 135--Sentient Construct 137--Undead 142--Utter Brute

10

144­VII: Skills
144--How to Use Skills 145--Physical Skills 152--Knowledge Skills 157--Interaction Skills
159­VIII: Feats
160--General Feats 170--[Iconic] Feats 173--[Combat] Feats 176--[Weapon] Feats 178--[Skill] Feats 184--[Racial] Feats
186­IX: Combat Rules
186--The Combat Round 187--Actions 188--Duration 190--Distance 190--Range 191--Tactical Movement 193--Mounted Combat 194--Attacks of Opportunity 195--Combat Maneuvers 197--Vision and Detection 199--Injury and Death 201--Condition Summary 209--Descriptor Summary 211--Area Effects 212--Glossary
213­X: GM Tools
214--What is an Encounter? 215--Encounter Level 217--Encounter Design 218--Level and Power 219--Cohorts

221--Game Balance in Your Group 223--Campaign Theme 223--On the Making of Monsters 224--Sample Dire Wolf 226--Mooks
231­XI: Non-Combat Encounters
231--Social Encounters 234--Skill Games 236--Interrogation 238--Investigation 241--Negotiation 243--Parkour 245--Environmental Rules and
Hazards 249--Traps
255­XII: Magic and Spellcasting
255--Magic in Legend 256--Magic in the Game World 256--Classifying Magic 256--Acquiring Magic 257--Using Magic 257--Spell Lists 261--Spell Descriptions

306--Relic Items 309--Relic Places of Power 310--Artifact Items 311--Artifact Places of Power 312--Custom Magic Items 314--1-Point Enchantments 316--2-Point Enchantments 318--3-Point Enchantments 319--Sample Custom Items 321--Consumables 322--Lesser Consumables 323--Greater Consumables 325--Relic Consumables 325--Artifact Consumables
327­XIV: Legendary Creatures
327--What is Legendary?
334­Appendix 1: Area of Effect Templates
334--Wedges 336--Lines 336--Spreads

290­XIII: Equipment
290--Items and Characters 291--Mundane Items 295--Magic Items 297--Mundane Weapons 298--Lesser Items 302--Lesser Places of Power 303--Greater Items 306--Greater Places of Power

11

CHAPTER
IIntroduction
Legend is a fast-paced and finely balanced roleplaying game system, designed to offer tabletop gaming groups rules for playing the games that they've always wanted to play. Based on the successful and popular rules available under the Open Gaming License, Legend rebuilds and advances those rules to allow for testing, balance, and broad storytelling opportunities for unique and enjoyable characters and game worlds.
By default, Legend games take place in Hallow, the blasted remnants of what once was a world. In Hallow, humans, elves, and other traditional humanoid creatures of high fantasy survive ­ and often prosper ­ in small plots of habitable terrain. These plots are maintained only by ancient, supremely intelligent magical constructs that date past the reach of mortal memory to the time before the great cataclysms that obliterated the previous world.
Hallow offers many environments for enterprising adventurers. Some will gravitate towards bleak and barren wastelands with the promise of ancient undiscovered treasures, but hiding dangers that promise a lonely and cruel demise. Others will find their home in fertile and beautiful valleys, often scarred by wars between tribes
12

and peoples who want to secure such homes for themselves. And of course, many adventurers seek out the megacities: centers of learning, high magic, and technological achievement. Some even manage to claw their way up through the underworld to a position of respectability ­ or at least the wealth and power to guarantee a relatively comfortable life for the time being.
Of course, if your gaming group has a different world in mind, feel free to play in it instead. Legend's mechanics can fit a broad range of fantasy and horror settings, and with some minor adjustments can fit superhero, cyberpunk, and even space opera settings. For all of these settings, and others, Legend offers you the tools to tell the story your specific gaming group wants to create.
Introduction to Roleplaying Games
This section is primarily written for people who are new to tabletop roleplaying games. If you have previous experience playing such games, you're probably familiar with the information in the next few paragraphs, and can skip to the next section without missing too much. If you're new to the genre, however, or feel like you need a refresher course, read on.
Roleplaying games, in their broadest sense, are simply games in which a player assumes an alternate persona and directs that persona through a series of challenges and opportunities, known to most of us as "adventures." Your attachment to and assumption of this persona may or may not be serious or even particularly well thought out;

those of us who have experience in online RPGs have probably run into a dark elf warlock, master of evil and scary energies, who wears a pink bathrobe and answers to "Holden Magroen" ­ or, at least, a similar character. Still, even joke characters count as alternate personas, albeit usually shallow ones.
Tabletop roleplaying games, such as Legend, have a few more distinctive traits. Computer roleplaying games tend to feature one-size-fits-all quests and storylines that are scripted to allow for relatively low levels of player choice, predicted and programmed in by the games' creators. In contrast, tabletop roleplaying games almost always include a "Game Master" (or GM) ­ a human referee who describes the world and the responses of people and monsters to the players' choices. Tabletop roleplaying games therefore allow much more space for creativity and player choice. Of course, tabletop RPGs do not necessarily have to take place in person, around a tabletop. Many players participate in play-by-post forum games or via instant messaging, voice chat, or specially-designed virtual tabletop software.
In a tabletop roleplaying game, you are one of at least two (and usually no more than seven or eight) participants. One of them (possibly you) is the GM, and the rest are players. The GM, as mentioned above, gives the players information about the world around them, and the players make decisions about what their characters do with that information. Beyond this, roleplaying games are just as diverse as the groups of people who enjoy them. Some games focus on intense tactical detail in the tradition of the war games from which RPGs developed, while others are essentially

Chapter I: Introduction

13

improvisational theater in which the actors ­ the people around the table ­ attempt to portray their characters based on complex motivations, friendships, and antagonisms. A lot of games just focus on the player characters doing cool stuff.
No particular style of game is inherently superior to another, and we designed Legend to accommodate games that focus on many different thematic elements. That said, we do have some fairly strong opinions about game design, and there are a few behaviors and gaming styles out there that we explicitly don't support. We'll cover that in the next section.
Legend's Take on Roleplaying
Every role-playing game is, in some sense, the game that its authors wanted to play. Legend is no exception. In that spirit, then, please accept that in some cases the mechanics of Legend simply reflect our personal preferences. We do not apologize for these preferences, nor for the fact that we have written mechanics that support our preferences. However, we have tried in good faith to separate opinions, based on fact and reasoning, from simple preferences. So in this section, we offer a few central principles that we believe apply to roleplaying games generally, and then a few preferences that, while inherently subjective, have deeply shaped Legend.
If you don't particularly care about the theory of game design and just want to find out how to play Legend, you should probably skip the next few paragraphs and go to "Gameplay Fundamentals". If, however, you wonder why

some of our mechanics differ from other similar games, you will likely find an answer to your questions somewhere in this section.
Predictability
When discussing game design principles, we like to talk about predictability. People ­ imaginary people, but people nonetheless ­ live in the game world. They grow up in that world. They learn about the world around them. It follows, then, that the game world must be a place where people can observe their surroundings and make reasonable predictions that they can expect to be fulfilled. Predictability means that if a monster uses a bow in a fight, player characters can expect to find a bow ­ not a longsword ­ on the monster's corpse afterwards. Predictability means that if the world contains magical forces, the player characters should generally know that those forces exist and have some idea of what they can do. So if the bow turns out to be a longsword, a character who has studied the arcane arts can probably recognize the runes of a carefully-constructed glamer carved into the sword's hilt.
"It's magic, stop asking for an explanation" shouldn't be the only valid response to player inquiries that a game offers a GM; it's perfectly acceptable that the GM doesn't know how to create magical fireballs, but characters who live in a world where magical illusions exist should be able to find out how to duplicate them. Experimentation and induction are valid approaches to in-character knowledge, and game mechanics should allow characters to gain knowledge in that way.

14

As Above, So Below
Any game in which some creatures are much more powerful than other creatures needs a metric to figure out which "weight class" a creature best fits into. Depending on your background in roleplaying, you may be familiar with the terms "level", "essence", or perhaps simply "XP". In Legend, we use "level" to describe a creature's weight class, and "circle" to describe the relative power of the creature's abilities. Whatever a game's specific terminology, these metrics are the tools for GMs to create adventures that will be challenging but winnable for the player characters, and for groups to ensure that all of the player characters are able to contribute when faced with challenges.
Legend has been designed from the ground up using a metric we call A = A'. What this means is that if two characters, A and A', are the same level, they should be able to contribute equally if they ally themselves, or be evenly matched if they face off. Legend has rules for deeply different characters, allowing real variety, but at all times our paradigm is that despite their differences, despite having specialties that they excel in, no character can be said to be "best" or "worst" overall.
For example, a 5th level monk plays very differently from a 5th level shaman, but both will contribute well should they quest together. And if a 7th level dragon is before them, then the GM can be assured that the duo is in for a tough fight, but not one that is completely impossible.
As a result, you, as player or GM, can field any character you like, that if you see a feat or a class that you think sounds cool or interesting, you can use it without worrying about how well

it compares to other feats or classes. Players are free to get creative without risking being useless, or breaking the game. GMs are free to field any opponent for which the storyline calls as long as it conforms to a level appropriate for the player characters.
Ultimately, A = A' means fewer headaches for all players and GMs, means less fiddly balancing work for the GM, and more time to focus on the important parts of roleplaying: the storyline, the characters, and the awesome. A = A' is just one of the ways in which Legend endeavors to keep out of way of telling a fantastic story: by taking the guesswork out of balancing encounters, Legend allows GMs and players to move on to the fun part.
Narrative Space
This topic combines both discussion of game design and an exploration of our preferences as authors, as we transition to the preferences that shape Legend specifically.
First, we'll discuss the design principle of supporting narrative space. When we talk about narrative space, we refer to the possible storylines, campaign settings, and character concepts that are supported by a given set of game mechanics. In some game systems, the narrative space is relatively narrow. For example, a game system might exclusively model medieval-themed warfare, featuring only human combatants with few or no magical capabilities. Such a narrative space is a matter of preference, and will be discussed below.
When it comes to "right-and-wrong" issues of game design, we present only one principle: All of a game's narrative space should be fully supported.

Chapter I: Introduction

15

That is, if a game has rules for playing a character, the game should not simultaneously punish you for playing that character.
Don't get us wrong here ­ it is perfectly acceptable to design, release, and play a game in which wizards rightfully rule over all other creatures, or alternatively a game in which practitioners of magic are wizened alchemists who can accomplish little or nothing on a battlefield. But the authors of that game should be honest enough to admit that the game doesn't support "honorable knight who prevails through the force of arms" in the first case, or "front-line battlemage" in the second case. And if a game does provide mechanics for players to choose both warriors and wizards, then the mechanics should support both sets of concepts and one should not universally overpower the other.
Now, with these principles in mind, our preferences for narrative space are as follows. We prefer that a game system be written to allow for many different character concepts and campaign worlds, allowing each gaming group to play the game that they want to and to cut specific mechanical subsystems out that don't fit their specific game world. This requires, in turn, that the game system make it obvious what a given ability or theme actually does in the game world. We've tried to make it visible to anyone who might come along what will happen if you have to cut out teleportation, and what kind of mechanical implications it has. In other words, Legend is built to be understandable, to be learnable, and finally, to be something you can own and change and use without too much fear of making the game go boom.

GM-Player Cooperation
This is, again, primarily a preference for gameplay and not a reasoned argument for one side or another. Some groups may enjoy a relationship between the players and the GM that, on some level, is antagonistic. Some groups may also actually enjoy a game where the GM provides a plot line and the players largely experience a scripted course of events that they influence only in limited ways.
We are not condemning groups that honestly prefer these dynamics; however, Legend is not designed primarily to support these dynamics. In our preferred group dynamic, the term "Game Master" does not convey lordship over the game; it's more of an honorific referencing the system mastery that one needs to predict and model a world's responses to the player characters' decisions. Similarly, we don't see "storytelling" as exclusively or even primarily the GM's job ­ player characters are heroes who change the world around them, and the GM provides antagonists and allies. Fundamentally, we see creating a fun game as everybody's responsibility.
Speed of Play
We recognize that some people see roleplaying game systems as elaborate simulations of another reality. In our case, we see a game system more as a construct of general laws for how another reality works, with necessary compromises made for enjoyable gameplay. One of the most important elements of enjoyable gameplay, in our minds, is keeping gameplay smooth and relatively quick. This means that if there's a way to resolve a specific event with a couple of die rolls instead of five or six, we tend to prefer the option with only a couple of die rolls.

16

This isn't a hard-and-fast rule, as you will see in the rules in this book. We prefer combat lasting several rounds instead of just one, and we allow for several attack rolls if you're an experienced warrior trying to stab the Big Bad in the face. The bottom line is just this: we're big fans of 8-hour gaming sessions. And if they're hack-and-slash games, we want to get through more than five combat encounters in the process.
Clear Rules
In order to avoid confusion when reading this book, we have isolated some words in square brackets. These words, such as [Long] (a range) or [Encounter] (a duration) are reserved game terms that either have a particular definition in Chapter IX, or else are tags (such as [Death] or [Combat]) by which a subtype of abilities and feats can be clearly identified .

Chapter I: Introduction

17

CHAPTER
II Gameplay Basics
To play a game of Legend, you will need a few things in addition to this book. Your character information is recorded on a character sheet. The positions of characters and monsters in combat can be tracked with any grid of squares (even a humble sheet of grid paper can do in a pinch). You will also need a set of dice to determine random outcomes ­ a four-sided, six-sided, eight-sided, ten-sided, twelve-sided, and twenty-sided die. The twenty-sided die is the most commonly used one, followed by the six-sided die, so don't sweat it if you don't have the other ones yet.
The Core Mechanic
To determine if your character succeeds at a task, you roll a twenty-sided die, referred to elsewhere in this book as a "d20". A roll of 20 is not an automatic success, nor is a roll of 1 an automatic failure.
Compare your result to a target number ("Difficulty Class", or DC, when making a skill check or saving throw, and "Armor Class", or AC, when making an attack). If the result equals or exceeds the target number, your character succeeds. If the result is lower than the target number, you fail.
Dice
Dice rolls are described with expressions such as "3d4+5," which means "roll three four-sided dice
18

and add 5" (resulting in a number between 8 and 17). The first number tells you how many dice to roll (adding the results together). The number immediately after the "d" tells you the type of die to use. Any number after that indicates a quantity that is added or subtracted from the result, which is called the modifier.
d%
Percentile dice work a little differently. You generate a number between 1 and 100 by rolling two different ten-sided dice. One (designated before you roll) is the tens digit. The other is the ones digit. Two 0s represent 100. If the result of the roll is under the required percentage chance (for example, if there is a 20% chance of something happening and you roll a 13) then the event takes place.
Taking 10 and 20
It doesn't always make sense for actions to carry a random element. When you are not in any danger or otherwise distracted, you may "take 10" ­ treat a roll of a d20 as a 10 (the average) instead of rolling, to represent an average result. If you have lots of spare time, and the action you are attempting carries no consequences for failing (such as straining to open a tight jar) you may treat the result of a d20 roll as a 20, but doing this means that the action takes 20 times as long as normal. In effect, it's assumed that you've rolled the die 20 times until an actual 20 came up. Ultimately, the GM decides when you are permitted to take 10 or 20. Some tracks and feats grant abilities that may allow you to "take" other values.

A Note on Math: Often, you may be required to divide a number to determine the numeric value of an ability or effect (such as a feat that adds one half your character level to damage). Whenever your result for any division is fractional, round down to the nearest whole number, even if the fraction was larger than ½. For example, if a character added ½ of his level to damage, and he was level 7, he would only add 3 damage (even though half of his level would be 3½).
Modifiers
A modifier is any bonus or penalty applying to a die roll. A positive modifier is a bonus, and a negative modifier is a penalty. In most cases, modifiers to a given check or roll stack (combine for a cumulative effect) if they come from different sources and have different types (or no type at all), but do not stack if they have the same type or come from the same source (such as the same spell cast twice in succession). If the modifiers to a particular roll do not stack, only the best bonus and worst penalty applies.
Ability Modifier
The bonus or penalty associated with a particular ability score. Ability modifiers apply to die rolls for character actions involving the corresponding abilities.
Circumstance Modifier
A circumstance bonus (or penalty) arises from specific conditional factors impacting the success of the task at hand, such as the presence of precisely crafted tools in a workshop. Circumstance bonuses stack with all other bonuses, including other circumstance bonuses, unless they arise

Chapter II: Gameplay Basics

19

from essentially the same source. Circumstance modifiers are, of course, determined entirely by the GM.
Deflection Bonus
A deflection bonus is an increase to Armor Class caused by physical or supernatural increases in a character's ability to block and redirect incoming attacks. Deflection bonuses are provided by shields and by most track abilities that increase Armor Class.
Feat Bonus
A bonus granted because of a feat chosen by a particular creature. Feat bonuses do not stack with each other.
Fury Bonus
A bonus granted by track abilities that are magnified by emotional or psychological imbalance. Fury bonuses stack with other fury bonuses from the same track, but never stack with fury bonuses from other tracks.
Item Modifier
An item bonus or penalty is derived from an item (other than a shield) in a creature's possession. Only one item bonus and one item penalty can ever be applied to a given d20 roll.
Racial Bonus
A bonus granted because of innate characteristics of that type of creature. If a creature's race changes (for instance, if it dies and is reincarnated), it loses all racial bonuses it had in its previous form.

Size Modifier
A size bonus or penalty is derived from a creature's size category. Size modifiers of different kinds apply to Armor Class, attack rolls, and various other checks.
Untyped Modifier
A bonus or penalty that is not given a specific type stacks with all other bonuses and penalties, including other untyped modifiers, as long as the various untyped modifiers don't come from the same source (such as casting a spell on yourself twice).
Ability Scores
The six ability scores determine the very basics of your character ­ how strong he is, how fast he is, how smart he is, and so forth.
Ability Modifiers
Each ability has a modifier, usually ranging from -5 to +5 at character generation. The table below ("Ability Modifiers and Bonus Spells") shows the modifier for each score. It also shows bonus spells, which you'll need to know about if your character is a spellcaster.
The modifier is the number you apply to the die roll when your character tries to do something related to that ability. You also use the modifier with some numbers that aren't die rolls. A positive modifier is called a bonus, and a negative modifier is called a penalty.
To calculate an ability score modifier, subtract 10 from the score, then divide the remainder by 2, rounding down.

20

Key Ability Modifiers
Each character class has two Key Ability Modifiers ­ a Key Offensive Modifier (KOM) and Key Defensive Modifier (KDM). KOM is used to calculate their combat skill in making attacks rolls (attack bonus) and striking down foes (damage on weapon attacks). KDM measures their skill at surviving damage (hit points) and protecting against attacks (Armor Class). If a character's KDM changes, the character's hit points also increase or decrease accordingly.
The KOM and KDM can never be the same ability modifier.
Spellcasting Ability Modifiers
Each spellcasting track has its own Spellcasting Ability Modifier (SAM) which is used to calculate DCs for their spells and determine if the character receives any additional spells besides those allotted by default. Characters with a spellcasting track may receive additional spells per [Scene] if their Spellcasting Ability Modifier for that track is exceptionally high (see table 2-1).
The Abilities
Each ability partially describes your character and affects some of his or her actions.
Strength (Str) is a physical ability that measures your character's muscle and physical power. You apply your character's Strength modifier to:
»» Fortitude saving throws (if your Strength modifier is higher than your Constitution modifier).
»» Skills that have Strength as their key ability. »»Your attacks gain a bonus to damage equal to
half your Strength modifier (if positive).

Score
1 2-3 4-5 6-7 8-9 10-11 12-13 14-15 16-17 18-19 20-21 22-23 24-25 26-27 28-29 30-31 32-33 34-35 36-37 38-39 40-41 42-43 44-45 46-47 48-49

Modifier
-5 -4 -3 -2 -1 0 +1 +2 +3 +4 +5 +6 +7 +8 +9 +10 +11 +12 +13 +14 +15 +16 +17 +18 +19

Bonus Spells (By Circle) 1234567
Can't cast spells with this ability
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1 ------------ 1 1 ---------- 1 1 1 -------- 1 1 1 1 ------ 2 1 1 1 1 ---- 2 2 1 1 1 1-- 2221111 2222111 3222211 3322221 3332222 3333222 4333322 4433332 4443333 4444333 5444433 5544443 5554444

Table 2­1 Ability Modifiers and Bonus Spells

Strength is the Key Offensive Modifier for barbarians and paladins, and the Key Defensive Modifier for some sages.

Dexterity (Dex) is a physical ability that measures hand-eye coordination, agility, reflexes, and balance. You apply your character's Dexterity modifier to:
»» Initiative checks to determine who acts first in a combat encounter.
»» Reflex saving throws (if your Dexterity modifier is equal to or higher than your Intelligence modifier).
»» Skills that have Dexterity as their key ability. Dexterity is the Key Offensive Modifier for

Chapter II: Gameplay Basics

21

rangers and many rogues, and the Key Defensive Modifier for some sages.
Constitution (Con) is a physical ability that represents your character's health, stamina, and durability. You apply your character's Constitution modifier to:
»» Fortitude saving throws (if your Constitution modifier is equal to or higher than your Strength modifier).
»» Skills that have Constitution as their key ability.
»»You gain [Damage reduction] equal to half your Constitution modifier (if positive).
Constitution is the Key Defensive Modifier for barbarians, monks, some rogues, some sages, and tacticians.
Intelligence (Int) is a mental ability that determines how well your character learns and reasons. You apply your character's Intelligence modifier to:
»» Reflex saving throws (if your Intelligence modifier is higher than your Dexterity modifier).
»» Skills that have Intelligence as their key ability. Intelligence is the Key Offensive Modifier for some rogues, some sages, and tacticians, and the Key Defensive Modifier for rangers.
Wisdom (Wis) is a mental ability that describes a character's willpower, common sense, perception, and intuition. While Intelligence represents one's ability to analyze information, Wisdom represents being in tune with and aware of one's surroundings. You apply your character's Wisdom modifier to:

»» Will saving throws (if your Wisdom modifier is equal to or higher than your Charisma modifier).
»» Skills that have Wisdom as their key ability. »»The Awareness defense. Wisdom is the Key Offensive Modifier for monks, some sages, and shamans, and the Key Defensive Modifier for some rogues.
Charisma (Cha) is a mental ability that measures a character's force of personality, persuasiveness, personal magnetism, and ability to lead. This ability represents actual strength of personality, not merely how one is perceived by others in a social setting. You apply your character's Charisma modifier to:
»» Will saving throws (if your Charisma modifier is higher than your Wisdom modifier).
»» Skills that have Charisma as their key ability. Charisma is the Key Offensive Modifier for some sages, and the Key Defensive Modifier for paladins, some rogues, and shamans.
When an ability score changes, all attributes associated with that score change accordingly.
Secondary Statistics
Aside from ability scores, all creatures have a set of statistics that represent their basic ability to deal and evade damage. These numbers increase as creatures increase in power through gaining levels. The secondary statistics are Armor Class, Hit Points, Base Attack Bonus, and Fortitude, Reflex, and Will base saving throw bonuses. All creatures also have some capacity of noticing things others don't want them to, which is represented by the Awareness defense.

22

Armor Class (AC), measures a character's skill at evading physical attacks. It is closely linked to the Base Attack Bonus (BAB).
You calculate AC as follows: 10 + BAB + your character's Key Defense Modifier + any other applicable modifiers.
You only use the first number in any BAB entry when calculating your Armor Class.
Hit points (HP) measure a character's overall combat endurance. Your HP largely depend on your class; each class offers 8, 10, or 12 hit points, plus your KDM, per level, with twice as many HP at 1st level. For example, a 1st-level barbarian with Constitution 16 would have 26 HP (10 class HP, plus a Constitution KDM of 3, doubled for 1st level). At 2nd level, that same barbarian would have 39 HP.

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Good +1 +2 +3 +4 +5 +6/1
+7/2 +8/3 +9/4 +10/5 +11/6/6 +12/7/7 +13/8/8 +14/9/9 +15/10/10 +16/11/11/11 +17/12/12/12 +18/13/13/13 +19/14/14/14 +20/15/15/15

Poor +0 +1 +2 +3 +3 +4 +5 +6/1 +6/1 +7/2 +8/3 +9/4 +9/4 +10/5 +11/6/6 +12/7/7 +12/7/7 +13/8/8 +14/9/9 +15/10/10

Table 2­2 Base Attack Bonus

Base Attack Bonus (BAB) measures a character's basic skill at combat. IIt increases at one of two different rates, depending on a character's class, as detailed on table 2-2 ("Base Attack Bonus"). You use BAB to calculate an attack roll against an enemy, as follows: 1d20 + BAB + your character's Key Offensive Modifier + any other applicable modifiers. Whenever you make an attack roll, if the result equals or exceeds the target's Armor Class, the attack hits that target.
When they take an attack action, characters with a BAB of +6 or higher gain one or more extra attacks, albeit made with a lower attack bonus, as shown on table 2-2. The values given on racial track and class tables in this document only list full BAB; the lower bonus for additional attacks is extrapolated using table 2-2.

Awareness is your character's general ability to notice when someone else is trying to perform an action while remaining unnoticed. You calculate Awareness as follows: 10 + your level + your character's Wisdom modifier + any other applicable modifiers.
Saving throw bonuses are used to calculate "saving throws" or "saves," which are d20 rolls made to resist particular types of abilities. Abilities that require a save specify the type of save required, but a general guide for what saves resist which types of effect is given below. You can make a saving throw against an effect whenever it would specifically allow you to, or whenever that effect would affect you differently on a successful save. Unless otherwise specified, you can only make a single save against each individual effect. Saving throw

Chapter II: Gameplay Basics

23

bonuses are based on a character's level and choice of class, and are given in the table for a character's chosen class. A save succeeds if its result equals or exceeds a listed Difficulty Class (DC), which is always given in the text of the ability or effect that triggers the save.
Fortitude (Fort) is a character's ability to resist effects that eat away at that character's physical body or crush it outright, such as poison or a cartoonishly impractical anvil. You calculate Fortitude as follows: 1d20 + your base Fortitude bonus + the higher of your Strength and Constitution modifiers + any other applicable modifiers.
Reflex (Ref) is a character's ability to dodge area effects, such as explosions, as well as most traps. You calculate Reflex as follows: 1d20 + your base Reflex bonus + the higher of your Dexterity and Intelligence modifiers + any other applicable modifiers.
Will is a character's ability to resist assaults on the mind, such as scary things or mind control. You calculate Will as follows: 1d20 + your base Will bonus + the higher of your Wisdom and Charisma modifiers + any other applicable modifiers.
24

CHAPTER
III Character Creation and Advancement

The first step in playing Legend is creating a character for your Legend game. If you are playing a one-shot or a similar brief game, and only require enough information to fill out a character sheet, you can use the Quick Start Guide to generate a character. If you are playing a longer game, you may wish to devote a little more time and effort to developing a character concept and finding the mechanical abilities that best support it.
Quick Start Guide
To create a character quickly, follow these steps:
Choose a Race
Choose a race from the options detailed in Chapter IV: Elf, Dwarf, Gnome, Halfling, Human, or Orc.
Choose a Class
Choose a class from table 2-1 ("Legend Core Classes"). The tracks associated with each class, along with full descriptions of each track's abilities, can be found in Chapter V. If you have to make choices associated with your tracks (such as spell selection or choosing between different tracks for which you're eligible), make them now

Chapter III: Character Creation and Advancement

25

Table 3-1 Legend Core
Classes

Class HP/lvl BAB Good Saves Bad Save KOM

Barbarian 10

Monk

8

Paladin

10

Good Good Good

Fort, Will

Ref

Str

Any Two Any One Wis

Fort, Will

Ref

Str

Ranger

10 Good

Fort, Ref

Will

Dex

Rogue

8

Varies Ref, Any One Any One Varies

Sage

8

Poor

Any Two Any One Varies

Shaman

8

Poor

Fort, Will

Ref

Wis

Tactician

8

Poor

Ref, Will

Fort

Int

KDM Con Con Cha Int Varies Varies Cha Con

Skills

Description

Terrifying and tough me5
lee fighter 6 Fast, precise martial artist
Supernaturally powerful 5
arbiter of justice Hunter, scout, and special 6
operative Trickster that relies on skill Varies
in battle Master of arcane secrets 6
and battle magic Spellcaster with powers that 6
heal or harm Spellcaster that controls 9*
the battlefield

and write your tracks and track abilities down on your character sheet.
Assign Ability Scores
The default ability scores in Legend are 16, 14, 14, 12, 10, and 10. Assign them to Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma, in the order you prefer. In general, it is best to assign high scores to your character's Key Abilities, since those are the abilities on which your character most relies in a broad variety of situations.
If you are creating a higher-level character, consult table 3-2 ("Character Advancement") and increase your character's ability scores by the amounts given for a character of the appropriate level. For example, a 7th-level barbarian would likely choose to increase Strength by +4 and Constitution by +2, and could increase any other ability score by +2 as well.

Choose Your Skills
Choose skills from Chapter VII. The number of skills available to the class you chose is noted in the first table on page 16. The skills you choose are considered "trained". You gain a bonus equal to your level on all skill checks using trained skills, as explained in Chapter VII.
Choose Your Feats
Choose feats for your character from Chapter VIII. A first-level character has two feat slots, one of which must be chosen from the bonus feat for your character's race, as explained in Chapter IV. If you are building a higher-level character, choose additional feats at the levels shown on table 3-2.
Choose Your Items
Choose items for your character from Chapter XIII. A 1st character may have a reasonable number of mundane items and a single Lesser item. You gain the ability to use additional magic items as noted on the Character Advancement table; choose as many additional magic items as you can use, per

26

the table. As explained in Chapter XIII, you are not limited in your choice of mundane items except by your character concept; consult with your group if you are unclear on this point.
Unless your character is a spellcaster or otherwise has a wide range of offensive options, you should generally select a broad variety of weapons (including both ranged and melee weapons). If you're a higher-level character (5th level or higher), it is also generally wise to ensure your character is able to quickly move around the battlefield, via flight, teleportation, and similar abilities.
Fill in the Blanks
If you haven't written down or added up anything on your character sheet (such as your character's Base Attack Bonus, saving throw bonuses, or other numerical values), put it down now. You've already made the important choices in building your character, so you should be able to fill in the rest of the numbers without any trouble.
Advanced Character Creation
If you're playing in a long campaign, or have already selected a character concept that isn't covered by the standard races or classes, you may wish to put a little more effort into your character than is involved in following the quick start rules. Legend offers a great many character options that don't appear in the default races and classes. If you want to learn to use these options, look no further.
First, though, let's look briefly at character concepts. It's perfectly all right to flesh out your character with a cool feat you just stumbled across or

a couple of items you wanted to try, but it's usually helpful to start character generation with a pretty good idea of what you want your character to do. Some suggestions follow.
Character Concepts
The first step in developing a character concept is thinking of a tag line. This can be a description of your character's profession ("Interstellar Smuggler" or perhaps "Undersized Burglar") or social position ("Long-lost King of a Great City*"). Other tag lines that have worked pretty well in the past include "`Wizzard' on the Run," "Bearer of Stormbringer," "Cheerleader Who Kills Vampires," and "Wizard Private Eye."
Once you have a tag line that you expect to hold your interest for the duration of a Legend campaign, start asking yourself a few questions about your character. Usually, your tag line will give you some sense of your character's race and possibly a few clues to answering these questions.
"What does my character want?" This probably won't get you much mechanically, but knowing your character's greatest motivations might give you a clue of how your character goes about getting them. A character that is admittedly just in it for the money is going to make different life choices from a character that is out to do the right thing and help the helpless. Even if the answer doesn't help you at all in picking abilities for your character, it'll pay off in a big way in getting plot hooks for your GM and helping you make decisions in-character.
"What does my character fear?" This question is pretty good for building a backstory, but it also offers some really rich options for mechanical choices. For example, someone who fears harm coming

Chapter III: Character Creation and Advancement

27

to his or her friends might focus on learning to protect them, perhaps with the paladin's Virtue track.
How does my character resolve conflicts? Any good story is centered on a basic conflict, and RPGs tend to include a few dozen extra conflicts for good measure. If your character doesn't end up in fights, chances are you'll find social confrontations, environmental hazards, or similarly threatening situations. Ability tracks in Legend offers a broad range of abilities for solving or ending confrontations, and your answers to this question might point you to the right ones.
How does my character make a living? Most RPG characters aren't conventionally employed, especially if your game world is a medieval fantasy setting where wage labor doesn't exist. Still, your character probably has some things that he or she is good at ­ maybe even extremely good at. RPG characters tend to be skilled in at least a few useful areas, such as arcane knowledge, investigative and social skills, or physical speed and agility. Your answers here will tell you a great deal about your character's skill selection. What special tricks does my character keep handy? This question will help you select feats, particularly [Iconic] feats. It may also help you select a specialized track, such as several of the rogue tracks in Chapter V.
Race Selection
Usually, you'll have some idea of your character's race by now. If not, you can find the default races in Chapter IV, as well as a number of additional races in Chapter VI. If your group is using supplemental material as well, you may have even more options. For the most part, picking a race is purely a matter of taste, as most races can fit a wide range of

character archetypes. Some races, however, represent unusual creatures, such as powerful undead creatures, intelligent constructs, or even dragons. In cases where your race includes dramatic, scaling abilities (such as the undead powers of a lich), your race will have a track associated with it. All members of that race have the associated track, and you will have to incorporate that track in your track selection.
Class and Track Selection
Selecting your class and associated tracks is the single most critical part of character generation, mechanically speaking. If you already have a default class picked out, then you can move on. However, you may want to customize your class at the very least, and choosing a race with an associated track makes this section obligatory.
The classes described in Chapter V each contain three "tracks"­ progressions of abilities that define much of your character's mechanical role. Each class also has a set of statistics, such as the number of hit points per level that it grants and the saving throw and attack bonus progressions it offers (you can find this information in the class descriptions, or compiled in the table below). There are three options for customizing your character's tracks: a racial track, multiclassing, and Full Buy-In.
Racial Tracks
As described above, racial tracks model the abilities of certain powerful creatures, such as dragons, vampires, and angels. These are creatures whose powers are at least partly a facet of their nature; some dragons breathe fire and others rely on clawing your face off, but all of them are flying

28

reptilian creatures who can take a lot of punishment, live a long time, and collect anything valuable they can get their claws on. These are sufficiently iconic and important to justify attaching them automatically to anything calling itself a dragon (unless you're a Chinese dragon, in which case you would choose a different track). Since racial tracks are a fundamental aspect of how your character interacts with the world, they include a full set of class statistics, including hit points, saving throw and attack bonus progressions, and key ability modifiers. If you have a racial track, pick any two tracks from a standard class. Treat this combination of tracks and class statistics as your character's class. You can multiclass from that class just as if you had a standard class, except that you can't trade out your racial track.
Multiclassing
As explained above, tracks are the building blocks of characters. So if you want to create a "hybrid" character like the ranger/rogue of times past, you simply trade a track of "ranger" abilities you feel are less important for a track of "rogue" abilities. You can always trade one such track for free, and you can trade another track out with the Guild Initiation feat (more on that in a moment).
When you multiclass, you select a single track from another class (or from the list of additional tracks in Chapter VI) and replace one of your default tracks with it. You gain the features of your new track at the same levels you would have gained the features of the track that was replaced. You cannot gain any track more than once. Some tracks are part of the same overall track, and therefore you cannot have more than one of them for any reason. For example, the three options for

the rogue's Offensive Track are mutually exclusive, as are the rogue's Defensive Track options, the ranger's Daggers and Bolts options, and the Sage's Wrath options.
When finding a multiclassing track, note that some tracks represent different ways of doing the same thing and therefore aren't meant to work well together. For example, the Rage, Assassin, and Discipline of the Serpent tracks are all meant to provide characters with a way to do a great deal of damage while fighting, but each models a different style of fighting (a barbarian's berserk destruction, a hit man's surprise attacks from the shadows, and a martial artist's fast and precise striking combinations). In general, if you see that one track's features are tagged as not stacking with another track's features, avoid combining them.
Some tracks are associated with a particular ability score and function based on that ability. For example, spellcasting tracks are associated with a particular mental ability, while the effectiveness of the Demo Man track will depend on the character's Intelligence. The Multiclass Flexibility feat allows you to adapt the DCs of a single track's features to be based on a different ability (with certain limitations) in order to make that track work better for your character. In some cases, you should simply consider whether your character is best off with a track that doesn't fit with the key abilities you had in mind, or whether it makes more sense for your character to pursue the same basic goal in a different way.
Legend classes are typically built to have one track that is largely offensive in nature, one that offers some defense or utility, and one that can be either offensive or defensive but tends to make the class somewhat unique in its playstyle and

Chapter III: Character Creation and Advancement

29

archetype. When deciding which original track to replace, it's often wise to consider the kind of role that your new track will play. It's not necessarily "wrong" to end up with three offensively-oriented tracks, but it does mean that your character will be focused almost exclusively on offense and will largely lack defensive abilities. If you think you may be in this situation, take a moment to consider whether your character concept supports such a hell-for-leather approach to combat and confrontation. If so, go for it! If not, you may be trying to do one thing several different ways, and you might want to reconsider your track choices.
As mentioned above, you can multiclass once for free at character creation. This simply represents having somewhat different abilities from a normal character with this class. There is one other way to multiclass, but it isn't free. The Guild Initiation feat models a character who is particularly committed to an organization, ideal, or patron, and at some point goes through a process of fundamental change. At the level your character takes this feat, your character loses a track and gains a new track, rewriting the previously acquired features of the sacrificed track with the features of the new track. This process can be used to even gain the features of a racial track, but grants only the track features and does not change overall class statistics or racial traits.
Full Buy-In
The Full Buy-In option involves sacrificing the vast majority of your character's item progression in exchange for gaining a fourth track. This track can be any multiclassing-eligible track or a racial track, but offers only track abilities and never rewrites class statistics. The revised schedule for

item progression, along with the levels at which you gain track features from the fourth track, can be found in Chapter XIII.
Ability Score Selection
By this time, you should know your Key Ability Modifiers and have a very good sense of any other abilities that your character would most value and emphasize. So, it shouldn't be difficult to assign your ability scores. This is, however, a fairly good time to discuss the different methods of generating ability scores in Legend. Your group will decide on one of the following methods, to be used for all player characters in your game (NPCs and monsters generally are designed based on the ability array).
Ability Array: The default ability scores in Legend are 16, 14, 14, 12, 10, and 10, assigned to whichever abilities you prefer. Legend's game math is based on this ability array, because it provides a predictable common basis for ability scores. The array above reflects an exceptionally gifted creature, who is good at most things and has only one real weak spot. An array that would reflect a more normal (if still a bit above average) creature might be 14, 12, 12, 10, 10, 8. We believe that most RPG characters are expected to be a bit larger than life, but some groups might want a grittier game in which the player characters are just normal people. Using a lower array like this one could help create such a game; of course, we must emphasize that this kind of decision should only be made by an entire group, not unilaterally. Note that an increase or decrease in the default ability array will tend to make player characters inherently more or less powerful respectively

30

compared to standard monsters and pre-generated NPCs of the same level, and that this shift in power will affect gameplay.
Point Buy: In this version of ability score generation, all scores start at 8. You have a pool of 26 points that you can apply to your scores as you wish, 2 points at a time. You cannot increase a single ability score above 18. Using point buy gives players some flexibility in choosing the ability scores that best suit their character. It is possible to achieve somewhat unusual results with this method, such as creatures with a couple of extremely high ability scores and several very low ability scores, so this method is best used in groups where all the players understand the game mechanics well enough to avoid serious mistakes in allocating ability scores.
Random Ability Generation: Roll 5d6 six times. Take the 3 highest dice from each five and add those three together (for example, if you rolled two 6s, a 4, a 3 and a 1, you would add 6+6+4 for a result of 16). Once you have six numbers, apply those to whichever abilities you wish. If you have odd numbers, you should spend 1 from one score and add it to another until you have even numbers for your ability scores. If you have only one odd number left, keep it.
This method is best reserved for one-shot games or games that aren't meant to be taken seriously, so that characters with truly awful scores can be killed off in an entertaining fashion.
Skill Selection
Skill selection should be pretty easy at this point. If you have a strong character concept and know

what ability scores you wish to prioritize, picking skills that correspond with those should be easy. Be sure to pick up any skills that you will need to use your track features effectively.
Feat Selection
When selecting feats, always check for "feat trees" ­ series of two or three feats that each require the previous one ­ that you want. If you decide that you want a feat tree, make sure you have the feat slots you need to get it first, before you look for individual feats. Other than that, select feats that give your character something cool to do, offer a new application of a skill you already have, or make your character better at your main character goal.
Iconic feats are special feats that grant a particularly unique power. Your character can only have one, so you will generally want to pick one that really embodies your character concept. It's particularly important to avoid picking a feat that your character can't support, such as one with a DC based on an ability modifier your character hasn't invested in.
Item Selection
It's hard to go wrong on items. In general, you should have a weapon or some other item that allows you to win fights, armor or some other item that helps you not be stabbed, and items that make you happy. Some of these don't even need to be magical; until you're a mid-level character, it actually isn't all that important to pick up magical protective gear because you get nearly as much Armor Class bonus from mundane equipment.

Chapter III: Character Creation and Advancement

31

Polishing Your Character
Congratulations! You should have a reasonably competent character now, built on an enjoyable and interesting character concept. You're done now...right?
Wrong! Being the smart person you are, you've undoubtedly figured out all of this and built a character with a minimum of hassle and reworks. Now, while the other clowns at your gaming table are working out their character missteps and kinks, you have a chance to make your character really shine. This is where you start coming up with your character's backstory, expanding on the motivations you figured out back when you came up with your character concept to begin with. You can sketch your character, if you're artistically gifted. You can figure out how your character got to know all the other players' characters. The bottom line is, this guide tells you how to fill out your character sheet in a way that won't cause you any serious embarrassments. Once your character sheet is full, there's always more you can do to build your character.

Creating a Character above 1st level
Many games feature characters higher than 1st level, and feature characters who are much more significant in terms of power and capability. To start play with a character higher than 1st level, follow the steps below.
Ability Selection
Ability scores are generated in the same way when making a 1st level character. Then, consult table 3-2 ("Character Advancement") and increase your ability scores by the amounts given for a character of your level. For example, a 7th-level barbarian would likely choose to increase Strength by +4 and Constitution by +2, and could increase any other score by +2 as well (depending on the specific character).
Race, Class, and Skill Selection
All of these are done exactly as if making a 1st level character. Your class choice, as well as any tracks acquired through multiclassing, is the same as a 1st-level character; however, you gain all the abilities possessed by a character of your level, per Chapter V and Chapter XIII. You have ranks in your chosen skills equal to your level, as explained in Chapter VII.

Feat Selection
Choose a number of feats equal to the number of feat slots given for your level in table 3-2. You must meet all prerequisites for a feat at the level you acquire the slot for that feat (so you can't put a feat in the level 6 slot if it has a prerequisite of character level 9).

32

Level Feat Movement Speed Ability 1 Ability 2 Ability 3 Ability 4

1

·

+0 ft

2

+5 ft

+2

3

·

+5 ft

4

+5 ft

5

+10 ft

+2

6

·

+10 ft

7

+10 ft

+4

+2

8

+15 ft

9

·

+15 ft

+4

10

+15 ft

+2

11

+20 ft

12

·

+20 ft

+6

13

+20 ft

+4

14

+25 ft

+6

15

·

+25 ft

+4

16

+25 ft

17

+30 ft

+8

18

·

+30 ft

+8

19

+30 ft

+6

20

+35 ft

+6

Items Lesser
Lesser Greater
Lesser Greater
Relic Lesser
Greater Relic
Greater Artifact
Lesser

Table 3-2 Character Advancement

Spell Selection
Choose the abilities you want your character to possess at every level where you have a choice between different spells, powers, or abilities.
Item Selection
Choose a set of items, consumables, and other commodities from the list given in Chapter XIII. Consult table 3-2 to determine what kinds of items you are entitled to, and how many of each kind you can use. Characters who have chosen the Full Buy-In option (see Chapter XIII) receive many fewer items than normal.

Leveling Up
"Leveling up" is the process your character goes through every time you gain a level. An increase in level is a big deal ­ your character gains a powerful new ability, as well as becoming more resilient and skilled. There are a few steps to leveling up a character. You can take these steps in whatever order is most beneficial ­ if there is a prerequisite you would meet with one step of the leveling process, you meet that prerequisite at another step of the leveling process even if those steps are "out of order" as listed here.

Chapter III: Character Creation and Advancement

33

Increase Hit Points and Saving Throw Bonuses
Whenever you level up, your maximum hit points increase by the number given in your character class entry plus your KDM. For example, a barbarian gains 10 hit points plus the barbarian's Constitution modifier at every new level.
Whenever you level up, set your base saving throw bonuses to the values listed on the table for your character class for your new level.
Increase Ability Scores
At some levels, as marked out by table 2-2, your character gains an ability score increase. Increase your chosen ability score now. The four ability score increase progressions must apply to different ability scores, and your choice of assigning a given ability to a given increase progression is permanent. The increases in ability scores are not cumulative. For example, at level 17, your primary ability is +8 higher than it was at level 1, not +20.
Choose New Track Feature
Many tracks offer a choice between different abilities. If any of your ability tracks for this level offer a choice, pick an ability now. Otherwise, simply make a note of your new track ability. Any benefits that you gain at a certain circle or level are available to characters from that level onward.
Increase Skills
Increase your chosen skills by 1 rank each.
Choose New Feat
At some levels (as shown on table 3-2), your character gains a new feat. If your new level grants a feat, select that feat now.

Select Item
At some levels (as shown on table 3-2), your character gains a new magic item slot (you can possess more magic items than you have slots, but can only attune to as many magic items as you have slots ­ see Chapter XIII). This may happen at level-up, as part of quest rewards, or you may have earned or found the item prior to leveling up.
Increase Movement Speed
Higher-level characters become quicker and more mobile. At 2nd level, and at every three levels afterward, your character's movement speed increases by 5 ft.
Higher-level Characters and System Expectations
As characters gain levels in Legend, they gain power. Every time a character gains a level, the level offers a new track feature: a unique capability that can dramatically alter the outcome of an encounter. In Legend, we expect characters at different levels to interact with and affect the world around them in different ways. 1st through 5th level characters generally have capabilities that are fairly reasonable for ordinary humans (aside from magic abilities, of course). But characters at higher levels are legendary heroes or demigods. When designing your character, you should consider your character's starting level and prepare to face enemies of appropriate power and capability. Some of the relevant considerations follow: Between 5th and 10th level, abilities like medium-range teleportation and flight become

34

extremely common. As characters reach the higher end of that level range, you need to either have special movement abilities or the ability to attack creatures who use them (usually by having a ranged weapon or offensive magic). Around this same level, many characters also gain innate healing and abilities that can affect many opponents at once. Characters in this level range can't take on an army of ordinary humans, but they can break that army with careful tactics and piecemeal engagements.
Between 11th level and 15th level, creatures can access [Death] abilities ­ attacks that do massive damage and can cripple or kill a character outright. Long-range teleportation and other "fast travel" abilities appear, and many creatures gain immunities to certain attacks and abilities. Knowledge checks and divinatory abilities become quite important to reveal what an opponent can do and how an opponent can be effectively harmed. Creatures in this level range can attack an entire army of ordinary humans without being seriously harmed, and often a single survivor of an adventuring party can find a way to resurrect fallen comrades with a little effort.
From 16th level on, many creatures become extremely difficult to kill. At this level, characters approach deific power. Creatures can often ignore a round's worth of attacks outright, or survive otherwise-deadly attacks, or even spontaneously revive if killed once. Many characters also dramatically improve their offensive abilities. Characters in this level range are not even threatened by an army of ordinary humans.

Level Progression
Within the core canon of Legend, we expect level increases to be handed out at thematically appropriate points by GMs. This is because we don't know when or how you expect characters to increase in power. Do you want them to grow meaningfully in the course of a quest? As the result of a great revelation? As part of a soul-searching moment before the big fight? In general, we certainly recommend that players level up once per [Quest] or per plot arc, but this might not mesh well with the flow of your story, and you may have trouble with the flow of the campaign versus the flow of time in real life. A set experience progression leaves you with relatively fewer good mechanisms of recourse, which was the core motivation behind our decision that experience was a meta-game construct that didn't serve us well.
It bears mention, however, that we do think parties should be comprised of characters who are the same level, and much of the math behind Legend is written with this in mind. It's a view we hold due to the elegance of that situation, and the fact that it decreases player conflict. No one wants to be the runt of the litter, and we have better ways to portray interdependency among characters than to force someone into the life of the side-kick or mascot.
Optional Rules for Power Increases
There are a couple of advantages to using a fixed progression, however, and we provide one as an optional framework for running certain kinds of campaigns. One of the big advantages is that it's visibly and completely impartial. It measures success along a clean and visible metric, which is just

Chapter III: Character Creation and Advancement

35

Table 3-3 xperience
Points

Experience 6 13 22 33 46 63 78 98
122 150 180 210 240 270 300 340 380 420 465

Leveled To... 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 1 15 16 17 18 19 20

a good feeling and a good thing. It also fits pretty well with the Dungeon Crawl, where you're slicing your way through the legions of evil in pursuit of power and loot. In such a situation, you might want players to be able to choose what parts of a dungeon they work through, in the interest of providing a more open and free roaming experience. Another advantage is being able to portray power as less of a narrative progression. The following is a suggested progression that provides a comparatively fast trip through low levels, a fairly smooth progression through mid-game, and a slower progression through end-game.
For this type of progression, encounters of EL-2 (see Chapter X) are worth one experience point; encounters of EL-1 are worth two; encounters of EL+0 are worth three; and encounters of EL+1 are worth five. An EL+2 encounter is worth seven points, but is rarely survivable. Encounters outside this range are generally not appropriate challenges. A party gains points for any combat encounter they win, or any combat encounter they obviate through non-combat means. This can include clever escapes at the GM's discretion. However, if the party resolves an encounter without fighting, they only gain experience for the creatures they interacted with and not for any reinforcements in the background.

36

CHAPTER
IVRaces

Your character's race largely determines his mechanical bonuses and penalties, but can also have a significant effect on his appearance and personality. All of the races in this chapter are basically humanoid, which means that they have an anatomy generally similar to humans, and thus have the [Humanoid] type. In Legend, "race" is roughly synonymous with "species" and should not be confused with groups of humans divided by skin color.
By default, the Legend core rules do not include half-human races or other hybrid races. The humanoid populations of Hallow are each descended from the remnants of corresponding humanoid species that were preserved in Hallow during the end of the old worlds, and these species are different enough from each other that interbreeding would be impossible or extremely unusual.
Vision modes can be found in Chapter IX.
Size Categories
Creatures of different sizes in Legend are treated as being one of five size categories, depending on how big they are. Your size category affects how hard you are to hit, how accurate your attacks are, how quickly you can move, and how easy you are to physically push.

Chapter IV: Races

37

[Tiny] creatures are so small that they are ineffectual combatants. Even if their position on a field of battle is relevant, they do not take up the square they occupy, and cannot meaningfully affect a battle with their own abilities alone. At the discretion of the GM, they may be able to manipulate ropes, small levers or similar devices of appropriate size. Tiny creatures are always [Concealed].
[Small] creatures are about half as tall as a [Average] creature would be, though they may be proportionally thicker than bigger creatures with the same body structure. They have the following statistics:
»» 25 ft base movement speed »»+1 to Armor Class »»+1 to attack rolls »»-2 on saves against combat maneuvers
[Average] is the default size of creatures in Legend, roughly the same size as a regular human. Most creatures, as the name suggests, fall into this size category. They have the following statistics:
»» 30 ft base movement speed
[Large] creatures are about twice as tall as an [Average] creature, and run the gamut from thin and spindly to broad and stocky. They have the following statistics: 35 base ft movement speed -1 to Armor Class -1 to attack rolls +2 on saves against combat maneuvers
[Huge] creatures are far larger than even a [Large] creature, though not so large that a normal-sized enemy couldn't hurt it. Each huge creature has an

individual set of rules for determining how big it is, and the consequences of its size, but they typically occupy more than one square on the battle map. In addition to any other effects of its size, a huge creature gains all the benefits and penalties of being [Large].

Dwarf

+2 +2 -2
CON INT CHA

[Average] size [Humanoid ] type

+1 (+1/8 levels) racial bonus to Engineering [Darkvision]

BONUS FEATS (choose one)

Livers Need Not Apply Slow and Steady Rune Magic

Dwarves are often referred to as "children of stone", and despite their humanoid bodies, this description is largely accurate. Since their arrival in Hallow, dwarves have lived in deep mines and fortresses known as "stoneholds". It is of course true that dwarves live in other places as well ­ cities, above-ground fortresses, and in nearly any place that contains a functioning forge­ but all such places of residence are considered temporary by dwarves, no matter how long they actually live in them.
If conditions get bad outside (and as far as dwarves are concerned, things aren't "bad" until they involve a horrifying natural disaster, total war, or all-consuming social unrest), dwarves tend to pack up and fall back to a stonehold, often triggering a mass exodus when they do. Dwarves will go to nearly any length to either die in a stonehold or ensure that their remains are taken there.
According to most people, this tendency simply reflects the fundamental insularity and arrogance

38

of Hallow's master craftsmen. It's certainly true that dwarves, taken as a whole, tend to be arrogant and insular, but there's actually a good reason for their behavior.
Dwarf Society
Dwarf society is rooted in the stone far more than most non-dwarves realize. The first dwarves in Hallow brought with them a few slabs of magically-preserved stone called dataliths, along with the lore of how to craft them. On the surface of these dataliths, one can find tiny runes containing the history of the dwarves who were brought to Hallow and those who have lived there since. The keepers of dataliths are the most respected members of dwarven society, and virtually every dwarf would die to preserve the datalith of the dwarf 's home stonehold, as well as that of another stonehold.
Smaller personal dataliths are commonly used by dwarves to records observations, experiences, and transactions. Each year, a stonehold celebrates a ritual in which all the dataliths of dwarves who died in the past year are copied to the stonehold's main datalith. The greatest honor any dwarf can receive is for the information on his or her datalith to be considered so important that it is transferred to the stonehold's datalith immediately on death instead of at the annual ritual; the worst punishment any dwarf can suffer is for his or her datalith to be rejected as unreliable or unworthy.
Dwarves strive towards rationality and objectivity in all of their interactions, since the reliability of their statements and actions is the primary metric on which they are judged by their peers and their stonehold. Dwarves prize intellect and endurance above all other traits, and indeed seem

naturally gifted in those areas. Unfortunately, dwarves generally do not value strength of personality, and distrust appeals to emotion or intuition. When dealing with less rational creatures (such as nearly all non-dwarves), dwarves are therefore brusque and often harsh in their interactions. They can react violently to a broken agreement or other breach of trust.
Dwarf political organization varies from stonehold to stonehold, but most are ruled by oligarchs who can be removed in cases of abuse of power. In general, oligarchs are selected from past keepers of the dataliths, and have such a long record of trustworthiness that none dare challenge them without proof of truly awful behavior. A few stoneholds with ancient ties to gnome communities are ruled by hereditary monarchies, but all contain exceptionally stringent tests designed to weed out unreliable heirs.
The most notable exception to the dwarven norms of rationality in all things is a group who have developed a strange martial art based on consuming huge amounts of alcohol. These dwarves imbibe extensively prior to any confrontation or battle, and display unbelievable feats of strength, healing, and, on occasion, waves of sheer destructive force. Most strongholds ban these brawlers, while those that welcome them generally implant them with crystal orbs that magically record their actions and sensations for inclusion in the drunken masters' dataliths, since the recollections of chronic alcoholics are not always precise or trustworthy. Recently, the drunken masters' lore have spread to the outside world, with members of other races learning and using the secrets of their martial art.

Chapter IV: Races

39

Dwarves place a great importance on their clan name, which is often the first thing exchanged when two unfamiliar dwarves greet each other. Typical dwarf names will include highlight the honor, bravery, fighting style, heirloom, or some other notable and impressive aspect of the dwarf or his clan. Examples of such names are: Farir Axebearer, Fistbeard Beardfist, Sigurd Blackhammer, Ebenezer Clutchpurse, Varin Firewalker, Rhes Goldcutter, Khandar Magehand, Janus Invictus Malleolus, Mangus von Mangusson, and Valhim Rockbeard.
Dwarven Technology and Magic
Magical and technological items of dwarf manufacture are among the most desired in all of Hallow, as practically all such items have been developed, tested, and crafted to exceptionally high standards. The full extent of dwarven technical achievements is still largely a secret, but there is no doubt that many strange and terrible devices exist deep in the stoneholds. Dwarf engineers devised Hallow's first explosives some centuries ago, and there is little doubt that the primitive firearms that have spread throughout much of Hallow have much more advanced counterparts in dwarf forges and armories. Even now, magically-augmented casings containing both propellant and projectile are being used in a few deadly firearms on Hallow's battlefields and darkest alleys.
Aside from weapons, dwarves can design (or reverse-engineer) and build almost anything they consider useful. Dwarves claim to have developed the first timepieces in Hallow; while this statement may or may not be true, there is no doubt that dwarf-built timepieces are compact, sturdy, and extremely accurate. Of course, technology

and magical items that record and preserve information are another dwarf specialty, and some of the most amazing such devices are carefully guarded in their vaults.

Elf

+2

+2

-2

[Average] size

DE X ANY MENTAL CON [Humanoid ] type

+1 (+1/8 levels) racial bonus to Nature

[Ghostwise sight] 45 ft

BONUS FEATS (choose one)

By Will Sustained Arcantric Accuracy
Summon Mote

Elves are most often found either in particularly lush corners of Hallow or in deserted areas that the elves intend to "improve". In most cases, this is one of the most welcome events in Hallow. After all, the process of improving wastelands increases the resources available to everyone, and there is time enough to fight over ownership after the elves have completed their work. The only real complication arises if the landscape being improved is owned by people who like it the way it is, though this scenario is less common than one might think.
As individuals, elves are tall (ranging from slightly below average human height to well above it) and thin, physically notable for agility unusual in creatures of that size and for some level of physical fragility. At any rate, engaging an elf in conversation can be either fascinating or unsettling, as elves tend to display an oddly specific insight into the growth and development of living things. While many elves exercise a certain level of tact when discussing such things, others tend to point out deeply unsettling facts about life and

40

the creatures around them. This tendency is only reinforced by the unusually long life span of most elves, as many elves have had several centuries to learn disturbing things about their surroundings.
Elf Society
Elves are extremely long-lived, with a very low fertility rate, and somewhat vulnerable physically. No theories explaining these characteristics can be conclusively proven, since the elves originally introduced to Hallow had all three characteristics and, as far as memory records, always had. Theories aside, there is no doubt that elf society was profoundly affected by these characteristics. The elves brought to Hallow were among the last survivors of worlds consumed by cataclysm and war, and these long-lived creatures had every reason to want to make their new home a pleasant place to live for the next few centuries or so. After a few bargains with the fey courts, the elves were blessed with the ability to sense and alter the growth patterns of living things, which enabled them to create beautiful strongholds out of carefully-shaped trees.
Of course, the ability to shape and craft living things is not valuable simply for the purposes of ensuring the survival of a species or an ecosystem. It is also potentially quite lucrative; many of the great elven families have become fabulously wealthy through trading and selling their creations. Most of these families, of course, have a running unfriendly rivalry, and such feuds last even longer than the lifetimes of the elves carrying them on.
Typical elven names include Amargain Caeleon, Boadicea Ceallaigh, Reina Drawntracker, Weylin Elfael, Maura Emlin, Rhystion Kess,

Caedemon Monsmoth, Riandur Rivatha, Sohali Sandskimmer, and Raelin Yael.
Elven Techology and Magic
It is easy to infer from the information above that most elven magic and technology centers on the modification or creative use of living material. If an elf wishes to create a suit of armor, he or she will likely build it from the exoskeleton of a creature bred and modified for the purpose of growing armor, not from steel. A staff of magical healing may well be made from a branch of living wood sustained by the magic imbued into it. Elves are famous for their tree cities, with individual homes and many of their furnishings shaped from and integrated with living trees. A tree house is understandably difficult to export, but some elves have constructed tree rooms inside human palaces.

Gnome

+2 +2 -2
CON CHA STR

[Small] size [Humanoid ] type

+1 (+1/8 levels) racial bonus to Diplomacy

[Darkvision]

BONUS FEATS (choose one)

Chatty Bugger Summon Mote The Bigger They Are

Gnomes can be found anywhere in Hallow; indeed, some swear that the same gnomes can be found just about anywhere if you give them enough time. They are undeniably friendly; many who interact with gnomes find that they have an uncanny knack for understanding people's problems and offering helpful solutions. Indeed, gnomes seem like the perfect negotiators and diplomats, often performing those roles in all wide

Chapter IV: Races

41

variety of situations. Gnomes have a long history with dwarves; many attribute this special relationship to dwarves' need for diplomatic assistance when dealing with other races.
Of course, rumors of another sort spread any time gnomes stay in one place for too long. People start to whisper that every deal a gnome brokers seems to eventually benefit the gnome in some way, that the gnome talking with them seemed to know them just a little bit too well... that when you get down to it, do they not seem just a little bit too persuasive?
Gnome Society
Gnomes are subtly empathic and telepathic, allowing gnomes to sense others' emotions and give them just a little nudge in the right direction. Some gnomes are tricksters, to be sure, but others simply hate to feel pain and anger around them and do their best to help make it go away wherever they encounter it. A very few individuals actually enjoy the sensation of fear, anger and hatred surrounding them. These are considered horrifying aberrations in gnome society, let alone by the people whose lives they subtly destroy. They are most dangerous among fellow gnomes, as mistrust and anger can turn into an extraordinarily dangerous feedback loop among a large group of empathic creatures.
Typically, gnome communities exist first to protect gnomes from "misunderstandings" and second to protect against the mercurial bursts of unrest that happen if too many gnomes turn bad. Most such communities are ruled by a reasonably benevolent monarch who, in some cases, is not even a gnome. The idea is that if a monarch incapable of mind control is surrounded by creatures

who can sense deceit or ill-intent, then the monarch will naturally be well-behaved. Many gnome communities are part of cosmopolitan cities or even whole nations; these are usually loosely-knit groups who do not act in any particularly unified way but provide mutual support.
Rumors persist that shadowy cabals of gnomes can be found in many of Hallow's metropolises, and can be hired to interrogate prisoners, cause social unrest, and perform other acts that most gnomes would not want to be associated with. Some of these cabals allegedly employ unusually small assassins who seem specially trained to harm larger creatures. However, no known credible witnesses have been able to confirm such allegations, let alone name any of the cabals or their well-to-do patrons.
The names that gnomes share with others are often lighthearted and fanciful, chosen more for amusement and entertainment value than anything else. Examples are: Benham Briggs, Darren Deeds, Gleeson Glitterhand, Hubert Horatio Humphrey, Mario Moretti, Sally Shoemaker, Stan Still, and Wally Wainwright.
Gnomish Technology and Magic
Gnomes have something of a reputation for constructing whimsical items that serve little practical purpose. Of course, practicality is in the mind of the end user, and many gnomish inventions that seem useless at face value are carefully presented to leave that impression. For example, many suits of gnomish rainbow armor can be found on mannequins in rich humans' mansions. Covered with slowly-shifting colors, the extraordinary plate armor makes for a great conversation piece; when coupled with a small device that allows the wearer

42

to mentally direct it, the armor is capable of extraordinarily specific camouflage as well.
Gnomes also specialize in the crafting of optics and other devices that require fine crafting but are not mechanically complex, although again such optics are marketed more often to pranksters and opera connoisseurs than to the snipers who mount them on dwarf-crafted crossbows and rifles.

Halfling

+2
DEX

[Small] size [Humanoid ] type

+1 to Will saves

30 ft movement speed

BONUS FEATS

Any one

Small and quick, halflings tend not to meddle in the affairs of larger creatures. Since they can generally choose whether or not to be noticed, halflings generally prefer to congregate in small farming towns and to send out caravans to carry out any necessary commercial transactions. In general, halflings just want to be left in peace, and will do just about anything to stay that way, until they can't. Halflings are naturally strong-willed creatures, and the one thing no halfling will tolerate is bullying. One of the most feared sounds on any battlefield is that of joyful halfling war songs, songs which most often seem to sound from everywhere and nowhere at once, just before the arrows and sling stones begin to fly.

Halfling Society
Life is far from easy for a humanoid creature small enough to be picked up and thrown on a whim by nearly any average-size adult human. While being shoved around by a creature in your own size category will probably be more psychologically damaging than physically threatening, being shoved around by a creature twice your size is a borderline lethal threat. Halflings do not like being bullied, and their society reflects the need for collective defense against large, scary enemies. Most halfling enclaves number between a few hundred and a couple of thousand inhabitants, and if the need for defense arises fully half of the population is generally available for armed retaliation against whatever has threatened the homes of the little folk.
In more peaceful times, halfling communities tend to be free and unthreatening. Most halfling rulers are popularly elected; their duties are generally limited to ensuring that predators and enemies are kept out and monitoring halfling trading caravans based in the ruler's own enclave. Such caravans are considered valuable sources of information and imported goods, and therefore any halfling chief or ruler possesses extensive authority over all caravans originating in his or her enclave. Halflings that are not part of an enclave often find themselves working as spies, burglars, or in some other business that rewards quickness and the ability to easily hide.
Halfling names tend to be relatively similar to human names. Examples include Thomas Berey, Nicholas Blackwell, Miriam Everclear, Estella Hartley, Daisy Littleton, Della Mott, Emma Norwood, Tyrone Townsend, Lucas Wakefield, and Cedric Woodbridge.

Chapter IV: Races

43

Halfling Technology and Magic
Most halfling communities are relatively self-sufficient, producing both simple and functional tools for local use and unusual artwork and trinkets for outside trade. Wealthy or adventurous halflings often collect and prize weapons and magic items from foreign lands, and caravanners in particular tend to maintain supply and weapons caches in case of attack or other emergency.

Human

+2
ANY ONE ABILITY

[Average] size [Humanoid ] type

+1 (+1/8 levels) racial bonus to any one skill

+1 racial bonus to attack rolls, Armor Class or a single type of saving throw

BONUS FE ATS

Any one

Humans are the most familiar of Legend's races, since our readers interact with at least a few of them every day. Instead of making up a list of standard human traits, we'd like to instead focus on a couple of very important factors that influence how humans function in a fantasy setting.
First, humans have relatively short life expectancies. In a low-technology, and relatively primitive agricultural setting, humans who survive early childhood typically live around 55 or 60 years ­ not an eyeblink exactly, but much less that the centuries-long lifespans of elves or dwarves. Even in a more technological society (regardless of whether services are provided by magic or by science), humans typically only last around for 70 to 80 years on the mortal plane. This means that humans generally tend to breed rapidly and occupy

a lot of space quickly, in an attempt to enjoy the short-term fruits of their labors.
Second, humans tend to have a very short institutional memory. Generations go by at a fairly quick pace; most people lack a great deal of personal experience with their great-grandparents, and hardly any have any recollection of generations beyond that. Traditions tend to hold relatively little weight in human societies, and humans are quicker to embrace innovation than practically any other humanoid race.
Because of these two major factors, it's very difficult to predict or describe humans in any broad sense. Human societies may remain stable for a very long time, but once they start to change they tend to change very quickly. Any game world, therefore, will tend to have a wide variety of human societies and governments, and often they will be subject to rapid restructuring after periods of conflict or great discovery.

Orc

+2 +2 -2
STR CON CHA

[Average] size [Humanoid ] type

+1 (+1/8 levels) racial bonus to Athletics

[Darkvision]

BONUS FEATS (choose one)

Reckless Strike To Iro n Marr i ed
Cataphract

Feared on a thousand battlefields, orcs are the most physically imposing of Hallow's humanoids. They are as tough and resilient as dwarves, but are much larger (up to seven and a half feet tall, although the average height is a little above six feet) with matching strength. Most orcs are members of highly disciplined, self-contained mercenary

44

units, serving either as fearsome infantry or as the traders, tacticians, and craftworkers that keep the infantry moving and fighting. A few find their homes in more diverse societies, and usually provide skilled physical labor or security services.
Orc Society
The orcs who were first brought into Hallow were warriors whose ancestors had been enslaved by dark gods for millennia. These lords of chaos and destruction had never done particularly well by any of their followers, but the orcs had it even worse. Fearing the loss of their prized berserkers and shock troops, the orcs' gods had maintained magical controls on the orcs' minds to ensure that they would remain stupid and unquestioning of orders. Once introduced to Hallow, and thus permanently separated from their malevolent overlords, the orcs experienced a rush of intelligence and insight, along with the sudden realization that, for the first time in their lives, they were their own masters.
Almost all were trained warriors, so the orcs began forming bands of disciplined soldiers with newly-competent leadership. These bands eventually settled down into larger, organized clans, each one with an independent base of operations, its own clients for mercenary work, and enough land and resources to supply its field units. In some cases, individual clans join together in larger federations. These federations allow member clans to independently contract for mercenary service, but have standing mutual defense agreements against anyone who would attempt revenge against a clan for its legitimate business arrangements. The vast majority of clans conform to reasonable standards of military conduct; many will work at vastly

reduced rates to punish clans that engage in atrocities of any kind.
Most orc clans are organized along strictly military grounds, with adult members assigned rank and granted privileges. A few have experimented with democratic leadership structures, generally with mixed success. Property is almost always communal, with all but a few personal belongings issued from a central supply depot to families or individuals as needed. For most orcs, the gift of a personal possession (particularly a useful one) is the highest compliment one can pay. In a few unusual clans, however, it is considered an insult, because it implies that the clan is not capable of supplying its members adequately.
Orcs favor simple names with lots of hard consonants which emphasize strength and power in order to intimidate their foes and impress their friends. Example orc names are: Kor Arrowhead, Wulf Bloodmaul, Krag Bonesplitter, Bjorn Foehammer, Vaul Godhand, Flint Ironstag.
Orcish Technology and Magic
Orcs tend towards the practical in both their magic and their tools, rejecting untested or inefficient developments along with any technology deemed of more aesthetic value than actual use. Orcs' tools are therefore usually stripped-down modifications of outsiders' technologies, designed for ease of production and maintenance. It is common to see an orc wearing dwarf-built armor and carrying a magical bow of elf origin, with the broad sword carried by almost all adult orcs hanging from the orc's belt.
Orcs gifted in the magical arts tend to build their own wands and foci, and such equipment is almost always optimized simply to channel and

Chapter IV: Races

45

amplify energy. Those elementalists (usually Fire Elementalists) and wizards who tend towards magical thuggery often value orc runes and staves, and some orc clans export magical foci to arcane colleges with this aggressive bent.
Other Races
Other races, including non-humanoid creatures and creatures who are not precisely organic life forms, exist and can be played as player characters. Sample races, with corresponding racial ability sets, can be found in Chapter VI. Playing a creature with an unusual race is subject to group approval, as not all groups want dragons, undead creatures, and so on as player characters.
Adaptation
In your game, it's entirely possible that some or all of these default races differ from what has been described above. In some cases, this requires no mechanical changes. For example, if orcs are goblinlike creatures bred to run unceasingly through day and night to pursue the enemies of their dark lord, there is no need to change any of the default orc mechanics to model these creatures.
In other cases, you may wish to develop your own races or to change existing ones in a more substantial manner. If so, decide whether your vision of the race you are developing is roughly as powerful (by default) as the ones offered above, or more powerful. If you wish to develop a more powerful race, you should do so by creating a race tied to an independent progression of abilities,

such as those found in Chapter VI. If you wish to develop a race that is roughly as powerful as those found in this chapter, here are a few guidelines for doing so.
First, select a combination of racial ability bonuses and penalties that totals to +2 (for example, a single +2, two +2 bonuses and one -2 penalty, or three +2 bonuses and two -2 penalties). Carefully consider individual bonuses or penalties of greater than 2 (such as a +4 bonus and a -2 penalty), because they can cause unusual repercussions for a character at low levels. An individual bonus or penalty should never be greater than 4.
Second, select a list of 3 thematically appropriate feats that have no minimum level prerequisite or a minimum level prerequisite of 3rd or lower. Be careful when selecting powerful combat-related feats, as those can often unbalance the game if they are accessed too early. If the race you are creating is cosmopolitan or unusually diverse, it may be more fitting to give it a feat of "Any", with the restriction that this feat slot cannot be spent on any feat that requires the character to be higher than level 1.
Third, give the race a thematically appropriate ability from the following list:
»» Special vision mode (such as [Darkvision] or [Ghostwise sight]);
»» Fast movement (an increase in base movement of 5 ft from the default for a creature of that size, such as halflings' 30 ft movement rate, an increase of 5 from the default 25 ft for [Small] creatures);
»»The Swim movement mode; »»A +1 bonus to attack rolls; »»A +1 bonus to Armor Class; »»A +1 bonus to a single type of saving throw.

46

Fourth, give the race another thematically appropriate ability from the following list:
»»A +1 bonus (increasing by 1 every 8 levels) to a single thematically appropriate skill;
»»A +1 bonus to attack rolls; »»A +1 bonus to Armor Class; »»A +1 bonus to a single type of saving throw. If you find it necessary to mechanically model hybrid races in your game, we suggest following the rules for creating a race while selecting racial ability modifiers, special abilities, and bonus feat lists that reflect a hybridization of two different races.

balanced in comparison to the core dwarf race, but reflects your game world's version of dwarves much more accurately.

Example Adaptation
Let's say that your campaign world has very little in the way of scientifically derived technology, and your heroes have few magic items (rules for characters who possess few or no magic items can be found in Chapter XIII). As a result, you wish to emphasize dwarves' skill as grounded miners and craftspeople who work the subtler magic of fire and metal. In this case, the bonus to Engineering is probably out of line, and you might want to replace it with a bonus to Arcana instead.
On the other hand, if you wanted to portray dwarves as compact and deadly warriors who have left their ancestral mines to roam the forests and plot to recover lost treasure, you might remove a skill bonus entirely and replace it with a +1 bonus to Fortitude saves. You might also decide that a racial bonus to Intelligence is inappropriate, and instead give them a racial bonus to Dexterity, to reflect the shift from a highly rational race of craftspeople to a race of fell warriors. Finally, you remove the Rune Magic feat from the dwarf bonus feat list and replace it with the And My Axe! feat. Now you have a race that is mechanically

Chapter IV: Races

47

CHAPTER
VClasses
A class defines a major part of how your character solves problems. Whenever you create a character in Legend, you start by selecting a character class. Your class grants a collection of three ability tracks, plus a "schedule" of when you gain the abilities for each. Unless you multiclass (see below), you progress the three tracks of your character class throughout your adventuring career. A class is not a job ­ a barbarian and paladin might both make a living as a knight, a trader, or a sushi chef.
Ability Tracks
The classes in this book progress on a set of ability tracks. Each track generally grants an ability every three levels. These tracks are designed to be roughly balanced in terms of power, compared to other tracks, and form the core of the Legend multiclassing system. Each class progresses 3 tracks as the set of class features that they provide to a character.
Tracks provide 7 abilities over a character's progression. We classify these abilities by their "circle" ­ the point in the track at which the ability becomes available. So all abilities, whether they are extraordinary, supernatural, spell-like, or spell abilities, have a "circle" (from first to seventh).
48

This is particularly critical for spells and spell-like abilities, since their circle determines how easily they can be dispelled.
There are several classes in this book ­ barbarian, paladin, sage, shaman, ranger and rogue ­ that have numbers for track progression but do not have specific tracks named. This is because each class has multiple tracks available, for purposes of increased customization. This does not represent an increase in overall power, because track choices are permanent; it simply represents an increase in variety.
Ability tracks based on spellcasting grant access to new circles of spells on a specific spell list, detailed at the end of the class using that spell list. Full details of each spell, along with specific rules for using spells, can be found in Chapter XII.
Ability Track Progressions
All player characters have at least three tracks. These three tracks follow three different progressions, staggered so that each character level gained grants one new ability. The progressions are called Fast, Medium, and Slow, and are detailed below. A character using the Full Buy-in option (see Chapter XIII) gains a fourth track that follows the Medium progression.
»» Fast Progression: A track in this progression receives circle abilities at 1st, 3rd, 6th, 9th, 12th, 15th, and 18th level.
»» Medium Progression: A track in this progression receives circle abilities at 1st, 4th, 7th, 10th, 13th, 16th, and 19th level.
»» Slow Progression: A track in this progression receives circle abilities at 2nd, 5th, 8th, 11th, 14th, 17th, and 20th level.

Tracks do not have an innate progression ­ progression speed is always determined by the multiclassing choices of the individual character. For example, while the Path of War track is normally in a Medium progression for barbarians, a multiclass character that trades away a Slow progression track for Path of War would advance Path of War circles in accordance with the Slow progression.
Multiclassing
Players who have a character concept in mind that doesn't quite fit in any single class may multiclass. Multiclassing is done by trading a single ability track from a player's chosen class in exchange for gaining an ability track from another class or from a list of bonus tracks contained in Chapter VI.
Some ability tracks (such as the paladin's Judgment and the rogue's Esoterica Radica) cannot be accessed by multiclassing. Such restrictions are always included in the text of an ability track. Some other tracks may include prerequisites (such as race, a feat, another track, or a minimum in an ability score). You can never multiclass into a track for which you lack a prerequisite.
To multiclass, simply choose to multiclass at character generation. You can substitute one track in this way, with no associated costs. This substitution represents characters who begin their careers as multiclassed "hybrid" characters, and therefore can only be done at 1st level (or, if the game begins at a higher level, at character generation).
The Guild Initiation feat represents characters who decide to change their life paths later on, and pursue training, a ritual or magical procedure that can replace existing track features with the abilities of a new track. The new track from Guild Initiation can replace either a standard track

Chapter V: Classes

49

(listed as part of your standard class features) or a multiclass track.
When you gain a new track via multiclassing, you pick one of your class's tracks and give up that track. You instead gain the circles of the new track, in order, at the levels that you would have gained features from the sacrificed track.
You cannot gain any track more than once. Some tracks are part of the same overall track, and therefore you cannot have more than one of them for any reason. For example, the three options for the rogue's Offensive Track are mutually exclusive, as are the rogue's Defensive Track options, the ranger's Daggers and Bolts options, and the Sage's Wrath options.
Some tracks, including most rogue tracks and some barbarian tracks, change the Key Ability Modifier of any character who possesses them. If you have more than one track that changes the same Key Ability Modifier, you may choose which change to apply. For example, the Rage track sets your Key Offensive Modifier to Strength, while the Demo Man track sets it to Intelligence, so a character with both could choose between Strength or Intelligence for their Key Offensive Modifier. This choice is permanent, although if you gain or lose a track of this type with the Guild Initiation feat, relevant Key Modifiers are reset according to what tracks you have after the change.

Types of Abilities
In addition to things that all classes share (such as the ability to make attacks and move around), your character's choice of tracks determines the kind of special abilities they get. Different abilities are divided into one of four categories with general rules that govern them. The type of ability is indicated by a superscript.
Extraordinary AbilitiesEX are abilities acquired through mundane training and effort. Extraordinary abilities cannot be dispelled and, unless otherwise stated, do not provoke attacks of opportunity. Some extraordinary abilities are "passive," or always on, and do not require activation. Extraordinary abilities that require activation commonly require a swift, immediate or standard action to activate.
Rules for activating, using, and recovering an extraordinary ability are contained within the text of each specific ability, and can vary from ability to ability.
Extraordinary abilities are not limited to feats that normal humans can perform. As a humanoid creature (or any other) gains high levels, extraordinary abilities enable actions that are fantastic and epic in nature. However, these actions take the form of superhuman speed, strength, resistance, insight, or persuasion ­ overtly supernatural abilities such as calling fire from heaven are, by definition, not extraordinary abilities.
All skill uses and most feats are extraordinary abilities.

50

Spells are instances of magic subject to defined rules for casting and recovery, available via specific tracks entirely dedicated to spellcasting. Spells are subject to [Dispelling] effects. Casting a spell generally provokes an attack of opportunity (however, casting a spell as a swift or immediate action does not). The full rules for spells can be found in Chapter XII.
Spells are not marked with a superscript, since they never appear as circles of a track. Instead, characters gain access to spells through a dedicated Spellcasting track.

stated. Supernatural abilities are not affected by [Dispelling] effects.
Rules for activating, using, and recovering a supernatural ability vary from ability to ability.

Spell-like AbilitiesSLA create effects similar to those generated by spells, but are not subject to the same general rules for casting and recovery. Spell-like abilities are generally activated as a standard action, but some are activated as a swift or immediate action. Activating a spell-like ability generally provokes an attack of opportunity, unless it is activated as a swift or immediate action or the text of the ability states that it does not provoke an attack of opportunity. They can be accessed in tracks not dedicated to spellcasting. Spell-like abilities are subject to [Dispelling] effects.
Rules for activating, using, and recovering a spell-like ability vary from ability to ability.

Supernatural AbilitiesSU generate magical effects, including effects similar to those of spells and spelllike abilities as well as unique effects. Some supernatural abilities are "passive," or always on, and do not require activation. Supernatural abilities that require activation are usually activated as a standard action, but are sometimes activated as a swift or immediate action. Supernatural abilities do not provoke attacks of opportunity, unless otherwise

Chapter V: Classes

51

Barbarian

10
HP/LEVEL
VARIES
KOM

5
SKILLS
CON
KDM

Level BAB Fort Ref Will 1 +1 +2 +0 +2 2 +2 +3 +1 +3 3 +3 +4 +1 +4 4 +4 +4 +2 +4 5 +5 +5 +2 +5 6 +6 +6 +3 +6 7 +7 +6 +3 +6 8 +8 +7 +4 +7 9 +9 +8 +4 +8 10 +10 +8 +5 +8 11 +11 +9 +5 +9 12 +12 +10 +6 +10 13 +13 +10 +6 +10 14 +14 +11 +7 +11 15 +15 +12 +7 +12 16 +16 +12 +8 +12 17 +17 +13 +8 +13 18 +18 +14 +9 +14 19 +19 +14 +9 +14 20 +20 +15 +10 +15

All cultures have tales of the barbarian: a primal warrior capable of feats of strength that astonish lesser men. But not all barbarians are crazed berserkers. Some are determined warriors who channel a strength not entirely their own; some are chiefs of the woods that can call on a host of fighters to descend on their foes. All, however, can burst forth with a deadly might at the moment of need, and all are truly terrifying to behold.

Party Role: A barbarian is the master of damage, equally skilled at dealing and receiving it. Don't be afraid to charge straight into the fray and chop the heads off anyone who threatens your allies. Barbarians in Your Game: Barbarians make excellent tribesmen or savages, but their strength and resilience can also be found in gladiator arenas or the ranks of the army's elite batallions.

52

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Path of War 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Path of Destruction Cleave
Whirlwind Disrupting Presence Terrifying Presence
Path of Blades Greater Cleave Deadly Presence

Path of the Ancestors Lineage
Hard to Break Readiness Resilience
Ancestral Blessing Greater Readiness Strength Unbroken

Table 5-1 Barbarian Track Abilities

A possible fundamental difference in fighting style means that barbarians can vary in their Key Offensive Modifiers. Your choice of track from Path of War determines your Key Offensive Modifier. If you multiclass out of one of this track, you may choose any ability modifier for the KOM as long as it is not the same ability modifier as your KDM.
Path of War
Most barbarians are warriors that thrive on adrenaline fueled rage which lends them devastating strength and keeps them fighting beyond typical limits. These barbarians take the Rage track, given immediately below. Some, however, are frenzied weapon masters who dance through battle like a cyclone of bladed death. These barbarians take the Dervish track detailed immediately after Rage.

You can choose either Rage or Dervish when you gain your first circle of your Path of War. This choice is permanent, although you can multiclass out of this track as normal.
Rage
Your Key Offensive Modifier changes to Strength, unless your Key Defensive Modifier already is Strength. All bonuses from this track are fury bonuses, which stack with other fury bonuses from this track. At the beginning of your turn, you may choose not to benefit from fury bonuses to attack rolls, damage and save DCs until the beginning of your next turn. Attacks and abilities that benefit from a fury bonus to attack rolls, damage or save DCs cannot also deal damage with the [Precision] descriptor.

Chapter V: Classes

53

1st Circle ­ RageEX: You channel the barbarian rage, a state where you gain heightened morale and physical prowess. As a swift action, if you are not [Fatigued], [Exhausted], or in a rage, you can enter a rage, which lasts for a maximum number of [Rounds] equal to 3 + your Constitution modifier (if positive). While in a rage, you gain a +1 bonus per circle you possess from this track to attack rolls and damage you deal with attacks, and a +1 bonus to combat maneuver DCs and Fortitude and Will saves. When you enter a rage, you also gain 2 temporary HP per level. These temporary HP are lost when your rage ends. You can always prematurely end your rage as a free action. When your rage ends (either before the beginning of your turn due to its duration running out, or on your turn due to your ending it prematurely), you become [Fatigued] for as many [Rounds] as you spent raging (minimum 1), and you cannot begin a rage on either the turn it ends or on your following turn.
2nd Circle ­ Powerful RageEX: Your rage gives you unusual physical ability equal to a creature much larger than yourself. You gain a +2 item bonus to Strength. While in a rage, your size becomes [Large] (if you are not already [Large] or [Huge], you gain the normal +5 ft bonus to your movement speed, +2 bonus to saves against combat maneuvers, and 5 ft bonus to your [Melee] range associated with the [Large] size). While in a rage, you do not suffer any of the normal penalties of being [Large], even if you're normally [Large].
3rd Circle ­ Intimidating RageEX: Once per [Encounter], when you enter a rage, you can attempt to intimidate a single opponent within 30 ft as a free

action (as per the in-combat use of the Intimidate skill). If your intimidate attempt succeeds, that opponent becomes [Shaken] until the end of the [Encounter]. In addition, your bonus to combat maneuver DCs while raging increases to +2.
4th Circle ­ Greater RageEX: Your rage increases in potency. You gain 4 temporary HP per level when you rage instead of 2, and your bonuses to Fortitude and Will saves from Rage increase to +2. Additionally, select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Hurling Charge: While raging, after making a melee attack as part of the Charge combat maneuver, you can use a ranged weapon in your possession to make a single ranged attack. This does not provoke an attack of opportunity. You can treat any square you moved into as part of the Charge combat maneuver as a square you occupy for purposes of the range, line of effect and line of sight of this attack.
»» Momentum Charge: While raging, if you use the Charge combat maneuver and your melee attack hits, you may immediately attempt the Bull Rush combat maneuver against the opponent hit. If your Bull Rush attempt succeeds, you may deal damage equal to your Key Offensive Modifier to that opponent.
5th Circle ­ Stubborn RageEX: While in a rage, you possess [Immunity] to effects with the [Mind-affecting] descriptor. In addition, your bonus to combat maneuver DCs while raging increases to +3.
6th Circle ­ Mighty RageEX: The power of your rage increases again. You gain 6 temporary HP per

54

level when you rage instead of 4, and the bonus to Fortitude and Will saves increases to +4.
7th Circle ­ Heart of FuryEX: You are always considered "raging." You can activate the Intimidating Rage ability once per [Encounter] as a swift action. At the beginning of an [Encounter], you gain temporary HP (as per Mighty Rage), and no less than 2 [Rounds] after gaining temporary HP from this ability, you may gain a new set of temporary HP as a swift action.
Dervish
Your Key Offensive Modifier changes to Dexterity, unless your Key Defensive Modifier already is Dexterity. All bonuses from this track are fury bonuses, which stack with other fury bonuses from this track. At the beginning of your turn, you may choose not to benefit from fury bonuses to attack rolls, damage and save DCs until the beginning of your next turn. Attacks and abilities that benefit from a fury bonus to attack rolls, damage or save DCs cannot also deal damage with the [Precision] descriptor.
1st Circle ­ War DanceEX: You can whip yourself into a war dance, a state in which you gain heightened morale and maneuverability. As a swift action, if you are not [Fatigued], [Exhausted], or in a war dance, you can enter a war dance, which lasts for a maximum number of [Rounds] equal to 3 + your Constitution modifier (if positive). While in this war dance you gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls, damage you deal with attacks, and Acrobatics checks per circle you possess from this track, a +1 bonus to Reflex and Will saves, and a +2 bonus to saves against combat maneuvers. You can always

prematurely end your war dance as a free action. When your war dance ends (either before the beginning of your turn due to its duration running out, or on your your turn due to your ending it prematurely) you cannot begin a war dance on either the turn it ends or on your following turn. In addition, you are [Fatigued] for as many [Rounds] as you spent war dancing (minimum 1).
2nd Circle ­ Frenzied StrikesEX: Your frantic movements become more focused and lethal. While in a war dance, you gain a [Bonus attack] whenever you take an attack action and you gain a 5 ft bonus to your movement speed, which increases to 10 ft at 4th circle and 15 ft at 6th circle.
3rd Circle ­ Razor WindEX: Your whirling attacks amaze friend and foe alike, leaving vicious wounds at blinding speed. You gain a +2 bonus to Acrobatics checks. The first hit with an attack you make against each opponent each [Round] inflicts the [Burning] and [Bleeding] conditions on that opponent.
4th Circle ­ Greater War DanceEX: Your war dance increases in potency, and you become adept at avoiding the sharp pointy bits of metal other people want to stick in you. Your bonuses to Reflex and Will saves while in a war dance increase to +2. While in a war dance, you gain 20% [Miss chance]. Additionally, select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Cloaked Dance: While in a war dance, you can use the Surprising an Opponent function of the Acrobatics skill as part of a move action without halving your movement speed. Additionally, whenever you deal damage to

Chapter V: Classes

55

a [Flat-footed] opponent, you deal additional damage equal to your KOM. »» Tendon Sever: While in a war dance, any time you hit a [Flat-footed] opponent with an attack, you inflict the [Entangled] condition on that opponent for one [Round].
5th Circle ­ Unstoppable War DanceEX: While in a war dance, you gain [Immunity] to [Binding] effects, and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost you extra movement.
6th Circle ­ Whirling War DanceEX: Your war dance has reached the point where you are little more than a terrifying tempest of blades. Your bonuses to Reflex and Will saves while in a war dance increase to +4. Your ability to avoid damage increases as well, granting a 30% [Miss chance] while you are in a war dance.
7th Circle ­ Dance of Endless BladesEX: Your war dance is a primal thing of terrible wrath and frightening beauty. Any time you hit a [Bleeding] opponent with an attack, they are [Battered] for the [Encounter].
Additionally, while in a war dance, as a move action and a standard action, you move up to twice your movement speed without provoking attacks of opportunity. You may take an attack action during this movement, and may divide all of the attacks you are entitled to among any targets who were within [Melee] range at any point during your movement.
Finally, you may enter your war dance as a free action.

Path of Destruction
1st Circle ­ CleaveEX: Once per [Round], as a swift action, when you hit an opponent with a melee attack and deal damage to that opponent with that attack, you may compare your attack roll from that attack to the AC of another target opponent within [Melee] range. If the attack roll equals or exceeds that opponent's AC, you deal that much damage to that opponent.
2nd Circle ­ WhirlwindEX: If you would make one or more melee attacks during your standard action, you may add the [Volley] descriptor to a single one of those attacks; this attack with the [Volley] descriptor is applied against every opponent in [Melee] range.
3rd Circle ­ Disrupting PresenceEX: You are a living force of entropy, and creatures who attempt mental focus close to you suffer the consequences. Any opponent who activates a spell, spell-like, or supernatural ability within your [Melee] range takes damage equal to your character level.
4th Circle ­ Terrifying PresenceEX: At the beginning of your turn, opponents within your [Melee] range must make a Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier) every [Round] or become [Shaken]. This application of the [Shaken] condition doesn't stack with itself, but stacks normally with other [Fear] effects. This is a [Mindaffecting] [Fear] effect.
5th Circle ­ Path of BladesEX: When you use the Charge maneuver, you can make a single additional attack with the [Volley] descriptor as you make the

56

Charge; this attack with the [Volley] descriptor is applied to all opponents within [Melee] range of squares you move into as part of the Charge. This attack deals damage equal to three times your KOM.
6th Circle ­ Greater CleaveEX: Activating Cleave no longer requires a swift action, and it can be used any number of times per [Round].

3rd Circle ­ ReadinessEX: You gain a +2 bonus to Vigor checks, and becoming [Flat-footed] does not prevent you from making attacks of opportunity or taking immediate actions. Once per [Round], you may make a Vigor check at any time during the [Round]. This does not require an action.
4th Circle ­ ResilienceEX: You gain [Fast healing] equal to your character level.

7th Circle ­ Deadly PresenceEX: When an opponent begins their turn within your [Melee] range, it takes damage equal to your level + your Key Offensive Modifier and is [Battered] for one [Round]. This ability can be turned on or off as a swift action.

5th Circle ­ Ancestral BlessingEX: Once per [Encounter], as an immediate action, you can reroll a failed save.
6th Circle ­ Greater ReadinessEX: You are always able to act in a surprise [Round].

Path of the Ancestors
1st Circle ­ LineageEX: Any effect that would heal you but does not originate from you heals 1 extra point of damage for every level you possess. In addition, choose one of the following options. This choice is permanent:
»» Guidance: You gain a bonus equal to half your level (minimum 1) on initiative rolls.
»» Leading the Charge: When using the Charge combat maneuver, you ignore the normal -2 penalty to Armor Class.

7th Circle ­ Strength UnbrokenEX: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you can begin an unstoppable assault. Until the beginning of your next turn, you gain [Immunity] to damage, [Binding] effects, and the [Dazed] and [Stunned] conditions.

2nd Circle ­ Hard to BreakEX: Once per [Encounter], if you make a successful Fortitude or Will save against an effect that would normally have a lesser effect on a successful save (such as a spell with a save of "Fortitude half "), you instead ignore the effect entirely.

Chapter V: Classes

57

Monk

8
HP/LEVEL
WIS
KOM

6
SKILLS
CON
KDM

Level BAB Good Saves Poor Save

1 +1

+2

+0

2 +2

+3

+1

3 +3

+4

+1

4 +4

+4

+2

5 +5

+5

+2

6 +6

+6

+3

7 +7

+6

+3

8 +8

+7

+4

9 +9

+8

+4

10 +10

+8

+5

11 +11

+9

+5

12 +12 +10

+6

13 +13 +10

+6

14 +14 +11

+7

15 +15 +12

+7

16 +16 +12

+8

17 +17 +13

+8

18 +18 +14

+9

19 +19 +14

+9

20 +20 +15

+10

The body and mind of a living being hold great and powerful secrets, for the Self is more than it is made out to be. Monks know this better than anyone else; whether it be through profound introspection or grueling training, the monk transforms a frail and transient body into a most grievous weapon, capable of feats that defy belief. The philosophies of the monks are as many as the stars in the sky, but nearly all are possessed of a powerful drive to go beyond what is humanly possible.

Party Role: Monks have very good defenses and incredible speed, allowing them to rush past enemy lines and disable or kill priority targets with quick, powerful strikes. Monks in Your Game: The monk can represent almost any kind of wrestler, unarmed fighter, mystic or wanderer sworn to poverty. Their special abilities and great speed can make them terrifying assassins and elusive spies.

58

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Discipline of the Serpent External Techniques Internal Principles Open and Close Ceaseless Flow Stop the Breath Poison the Blood On Power

Discipline of the Crane Fast Movement
Between the Raindrops Through the Clouds Empty Body Journey of the Crane Gust of Action Phoenix Reborn

Discipline of the Dragon Stance of the Falling Star
Obsidian Mind

Table 5-2 Monk Track Abilities

Dance of the Sun and Moon

Diamond Soul

Cloak of the Sun and Moon

Jade Heart

Scales of Gems

Many monasteries and dojos train their own monks with a unique fighting style. To reflect the emphasis of the monk's training, choose any two saving throws to use the Good progression. The remaining saving throw uses the Poor progression.
Discipline of the Serpent
1st Circle ­ External TechniquesEX: Choose five weapon properties other than [Arcane], [Barbed], [Distant], [Hold-out] or [Quick-draw]. At 3rd, 5th and 7th circles, you may choose an additional weapon property. Your Unarmed Strike natural weapon gains those properties. If you possess any other natural weapons, they gain any 2 of your Unarmed Strike natural weapon's chosen

properties at 1st circle, and 1 more at 3rd, 5th and 7th circles. These choices are permanent.
Additionally, whenever you switch to a weapon, you may grant it a number of weapon properties your Unarmed Strike natural weapon possesses. You may grant it 2 such properties at 1st circle, 3 at 3rd, 4 at 5th, and 5 at 7th. The weapon retains those properties for as long as you wield it. Attacks you make as part of a Disarm, Grapple, Pin, or Trip attempt deal additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor equal to your level.
2nd Circle ­ Internal PrinciplesEX: Your combat maneuvers, and opponents' attempts to escape or act in a [Grappled] or [Pinned] condition you inflict, have a DC of (11 + 1/2 your level + your KOM). This DC increases by 1 at 4th circle, and again at 6th circle. In addition, you gain access to

Chapter V: Classes

59

the following special combat maneuvers, which benefit from the additional damage of External Techniques:
»» Pushing Blow: As a standard action, you make a single melee attack that deals normal damage. If the attack hits, the target must make a Fortitude save or be pushed 5 ft, and you can choose to move into their previously occupied space. If you choose not to move into their space, you may instead push them 5 ft in the same direction per circle of Discipline of the Serpent you possess. These movements do not provoke attacks of opportunity. A successful Pushing Blow benefits from abilities that would enhance a successful Bull Rush.
»» Neutralize: As a standard action, you make a single melee attack that deals normal damage. If the attack hits, the target must make a Will save or take a penalty to damage equal to the number of circles you possess in Discipline of the Serpent for 1 [Round]. This penalty does not stack with itself.
3rd Circle ­ Open and CloseEX: You gain access to the following special combat maneuvers, which benefit from the additional damage of External Techniques:
»» Close Meridian: As a standard action, you make a single melee attack that deals normal damage. If this attack hits, the target must make a Fortitude save or be [Sickened] for 1 [Round].
»» Open Gate: As a standard action, you make a single melee attack that deals normal damage. If the attack hits, the target must make a Will save or all creatures gain a +2 bonus

to skill checks against the target and saves against the target's abilities for 1 [Round]. In addition, when an opponent fails a save against your Close Meridian, Disarm, Grapple, Neutralize, Open Gate, Pushing Blow, or Trip, you may immediately make a [Bonus attack].
4th Circle ­ Ceaseless FlowEX: Once per [Round], you may replace any one melee attack other than an attack of opportunity with any of the following combat maneuvers, at the same attack bonus as the replaced attack: Close Meridian, Disarm, Grapple, Neutralize, Open Gate, Pushing Blow, or Trip. If the combat maneuver hits, you can use Ceaseless Flow an additional time this [Round]. If you replace a [Bonus attack] using Ceaseless Flow, it still counts as your [Bonus attack] for that [Round ].
5th Circle ­ Stop the BreathEX: Your combat maneuvers increase in potency: when an opponent fails a save against your Close Meridian, Disarm, Grapple, Neutralize, Open Gate, Pin, Pushing Blow, or Trip, it is [Flat-footed] until the beginning of its next turn.
6th Circle ­ Poison the BloodEX: Each time you deal [Precision] damage to an opponent with Close Meridian, Disarm, Grapple, Neutralize, Open Gate, Pin, Pushing Blow, or Trip during an attack action, or an opponent fails a save against any of those combat maneuvers, that opponent gains an [Imbalance]. These [Imbalances] cause the opponent to gain various conditions, as below, and have no other effects on the opponent. [Imbalances] disappear at the end of each attack

60

action, but conditions your opponents have gained from this ability do not disappear when [Imbalances] do.
»» Two [Imbalances]: The opponent is [Battered] for 2 [Rounds].
»» Four [Imbalances]: The opponent is [Blinded] for 1 [Round].
»» Six [Imbalances]: The opponent is [Slowed] for 1 [Round].
»» Eight [Imbalances]: The opponent is [Nauseated] for 1 [Round].
»» Ten [Imbalances]: The opponent is [Stunned] for 1 [Round].
If multiple opponents would gain [Imbalances] from a single combat maneuver, you instead choose one of those opponents to gain an [Imbalance].
7th Circle ­ On PowerEX: You can now use Ceaseless Flow any number of times per [Round], and Stop the Breath now affects any opponent you hit with Close Meridian, Disarm, Grapple, Neutralize, Open Gate, Pin, Pushing Blow, or Trip, regardless of whether they successfully save against it or not.
Discipline of the Crane

3rd Circle ­ Through the CloudsEX: You gain the Fly movement mode.
4th Circle ­ Deftly StrikingEX: As a standard action, you may make an attack action at any time during a movement, and continue that movement afterwards.
5th Circle ­ Journey of the CraneSU: You can take a great step as with the long legs of the crane, seeking new challenges to face or new lessons to learn. Once per [Scene], as a standard action, you can use teleport, as the spell.
6th Circle ­ Gust of ActionEX: You can ride the wind at overwhelming speeds. Once per [Encounter], plus an additional time per [Encounter] per four character levels you possess, as a swift action, you can gain an extra move action on your current turn.
7th Circle ­ Phoenix RebornSU: As the avatar of the crane, you become an entirely otherworldly being. Once per [Scene], if you are killed or rendered [Unconscious], you are revived with full hit points one [Round] after your death or knock-out. You can choose not to return, if you believe that your impact on the multiverse is complete.

1st Circle ­ Fast MovementEX: You gain a bonus to your movement speed equal to 5 ft, plus an additional 5 ft per circle you possess from this track (to a maximum of a 40 ft bonus at 7th circle).
2nd Circle ­ Between the RaindropsEX: You gain a deflection bonus to Armor Class equal to the number of Discipline of the Crane circles you possess.

Discipline of the Dragon
1st Circle ­ Dance of the Sun and MoonEX: You embark upon the path of the Careful Sun or the Reckless Moon. Choose one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):

Chapter V: Classes

61

»» Careful Sun: Once per [Encounter], when you make a successful Fortitude or Will save against an offensive action that would normally have a lesser effect on a successful save (such as a spell with a save of "Fortitude half "), you may instead ignore the effect entirely.
»» Reckless Moon: Once per [Encounter], when you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an offensive action that would normally have a lesser effect on a successful save (such as a spell with a save of "Reflex half "), you may instead ignore the effect entirely.
2nd Circle ­ Obsidian MindEX: Monks learn to protect their minds from the clouds of fear. You gain [Immunity] to [Fear] effects and the in-combat use of the Intimidate skill.

offensive action that normally deals half damage on a successful save, you may take no damage from that offensive action instead on a successful save, or take half damage from that offensive action instead on a failed save.
6th Circle ­ Jade HeartEX: You can absorb dark and harmful energies without suffering any ill effects. You gain [Immunity] to [Energy drained] and [Vulnerability], and to [Negative] effects. 7th Circle ­ Scales of GemsEX: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may harden your hide to absorb devastating attacks without harm. Until the beginning of your next turn, you gain [Immunity] to damage and to the [Sickened], [Nauseated], [Dazed] and [Stunned] conditions.

3rd Circle ­ Stance of the Falling StarEX: When knocked down, you are quick to get up for another exchange of punches and kicks. You gain [Immunity] to the [Prone] condition. In addition, as a swift action, you may become [Covered] for one [Round].

4th Circle ­ Diamond SoulEX: You have [Resistance] to energy and magic damage.

5th Circle ­ Cloak of the Sun and MoonEX: Your devotion to the Careful Sun or Reckless Moon provides additional benefits. Choose one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Careful Sun: You gain [Immunity] to effects with the [Binding] descriptor.
»» Reckless Moon: Once per [Encounter], when you make a Reflex saving throw against an

62

Paladin

10
HP/LEVEL
STR
KOM

5
SKILLS
CHA
KDM

Level BAB Fort Ref Will 1 +1 +2 +0 +2 2 +2 +3 +1 +3 3 +3 +4 +1 +4 4 +4 +4 +2 +4 5 +5 +5 +2 +5 6 +6 +6 +3 +6 7 +7 +6 +3 +6 8 +8 +7 +4 +7 9 +9 +8 +4 +8 10 +10 +8 +5 +8 11 +11 +9 +5 +9 12 +12 +10 +6 +10 13 +13 +10 +6 +10 14 +14 +11 +7 +11 15 +15 +12 +7 +12 16 +16 +12 +8 +12 17 +17 +13 +8 +13 18 +18 +14 +9 +14 19 +19 +14 +9 +14 20 +20 +15 +10 +15

All paladins draw strength from the concept of justice ­ but that means different things for different people. Some paladins serve the law, capturing criminals and taking them to the authorities. Others take the law into their own hands, and mete out punishment to those they consider wicked. Whatever a paladin's cause may be, their dedication to that cause gives them supernatural strength and resilience that strikes fear into the most die-hard criminal.

Party Role: Paladins are one of Legend's most diverse character classes, and can fill any number of roles, but they excel at taking a beating without flinching, and shielding their allies from harm. Paladins in Your Game: The most obvious role for a paladin is a sheriff, knight or any other manifestation of authority and the law, but they also make excellent bounty hunters or dogmatic zealots of an evil god.

Chapter V: Classes

63

Table 5-3 Paladin
Track Abilities

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Judgment Knowing
Mercy Grace Requital Light Endurance Allegiance

Dedication 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Oath 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

The Judgment track is common to all paladins, and so is listed directly on the ability chart. You cannot multiclass into or out of Judgment. The paladin must also choose any one paladin track for the Dedication progression, and one other paladin track for the Oath progression.
Judgment: The Seven Circles of Knowing
If you possess the Bastion track, all allies within the area of your Bastion Aura gain the Knowing ability from this track. At the beginning of each [Encounter], you may choose an ability you possess that is a [Bastion] effect. Until the end of the [Encounter], all allies within the area of your Bastion Aura gain that ability.

1st Circle ­ KnowingSU: You are aware, in the general sense, of the moral and ideological predilections of any sentient creature within a spread with a radius of 15 ft + 5 ft per Judgment circle you possess originating from you. This spread moves with you, is not a divination effect, and is always on. It does not automatically penetrate [Invisible], [Concealed], or Stealth, but if you can otherwise circumvent these effects, Knowing will function unimpeded. Likewise, you become aware in a limited sense of likely major moral consequences of your actions. This takes the form of prescient flashes of meaningless images, and while reliable, it is not deterministic. In cases where the creed's meaning is unclear, you may get no forewarning. This grants a +4 bonus to Awareness and to Perception checks. This is a [Bastion] effect.

64

2nd Circle ­ MercySU: Once per [Encounter], as an immediate action or part of another immediate action, you may prevent up to three times your character level in damage that would be dealt to any ally within your Knowing. This can only be done as the damage is being dealt, but may be activated after you know exactly how much damage a given effect will deal. This is a [Bastion] effect.
3rd Circle ­ GraceSU: You gain a +3 bonus to all saves, 2 additional HP per level, and gain [Immunity] to all [Fear] effects.
4th Circle ­ RequitalSU: Opponents who start moving within the range of your Knowing have their effective move speed reduced by 20 ft, for the purposes of that move. This does not affect 5 ft steps.
5th Circle ­ LightSU: You may now, at any time, illuminate the area around you out to the limit of the Knowing. This may be turned on or off as a free action. In addition, you gain [Blindsight] with a range equal to the radius of the Knowing. This is a [Bastion] effect.
6th Circle ­ EnduranceSU: The first time in each [Encounter] that you fail a saving throw against a harmful effect, the effect is negated without affecting you. This is a [Bastion] effect.

Bastion: The Seven Circles of Protection
1st Circle ­ The ShieldSU: As a swift action, you may create a spread with a radius of 10 ft plus 5 ft per two character levels you possess originating from you called the Bastion Aura. This spread moves with you.
Whenever a spell of first circle or lower that has a duration targets you, if it is not a copy, you may project it. To project a spell, create a copy of that spell for each other ally within your Bastion Aura. That spell and each of those copies become bonded to one another and gain "When a [Dispelling] effect ends this spell, end all spells bonded to it," that spell gains "When this spell ends, end all spells bonded to it," and each of those copies gains "You gain this spell's effect only while you are within the Bastion Aura of the ally who created this spell." Then you cast each of those copies targeting a different one of those allies. This does not provoke attacks of opportunity and counts as casting those spells only for the purpose of those spells' effects and abilities of this track.
As a swift action, you may end this spread.
2nd Circle ­ The GauntletSU: Whenever a spell of second circle of lower that has a duration targets you, if it is not a copy, you may project it.

7th Circle ­ AllegianceSU: You are indefatigable. You gain [Immunity] to [Mind-affecting], [Fatigued], [Exhausted], [Blown away], [Stunned], [Dazed], and cannot be knocked [Prone].

3rd Circle ­ The MantleSU: Whenever a spell of third circle of lower that has a duration targets you, if it is not a copy, you may project it. Each [Encounter], the first [Dispelling] effect made against a bonded spell you cast fails.

Chapter V: Classes

65

4th Circle ­ The ArmorSU: Whenever a spell of fourth circle of lower that has a duration targets you, if it is not a copy, you may project it. Additionally, each ally gains a +3 deflection bonus to AC as long as it is within the Bastion Aura.

you may designate a different ally other than yourself to be your partner. You and your partner both add half your respective levels to damage with your attacks (minimum 1). If your partner also has this ability, the damage bonuses stack.

5th Circle ­ The SoulSU: Whenever a spell of fifth circle of lower that has a duration targets you, if it is not a copy, you may project it. Each [Encounter], the second [Dispelling] effect made against a bonded spell you cast fails.
6th Circle ­ The ReadySU: Each ally gains a pool of points equal to half your character level. These points may be spent after you know the result of a single saving throw, attack roll or skill check to add a bonus to that roll equal to the number of points spent. These points may only be spent while affected by the Bastion Aura. The pool refreshes each [Scene].
7th Circle ­ The StrongSU: When an ally within the Bastion Aura is reduced to -1 or fewer hit points from 0 or more hit points, it gains [Immunity] to [Dying], [Unconscious], [Stable], and [Dead] for one [Round].
Heroica: The Seven Circles of Endings
1st Circle ­ The Blade and the BowEX: When you gain this ability, designate target ally other than yourself as your partner. (You also become its partner.) A creature with a partner cannot be designated as another creature's partner, and no creature can have more than one partner at a time. Once per [Scene],

2nd Circle ­ Of Might and GuileEX: Choose one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent): Might: As a swift action, if your partner is within [Medium] range, you may deal damage equal to your KOM to all opponents within your [Close] range of your partner. This damage ignores [Immunity] and cannot be mitigated or reduced. Guile: You can spend a move action to double your partner's critical threat range for one [Round]. Your partner also gains this ability, but cannot use it in a [Round] where you have used it.
3rd Circle ­ The Just and the UnjustEX: Your partner gains the benefits of a Lesser item or Greater item you are attuned to as if they possessed a duplicate of that item and were attuned to it. You cannot choose a duplicate of an item to which your partner is already attuned.
4th Circle ­ The Truth and the FollyEX: Whenever you attack an opponent against which your partner took an offensive action within the last [Round], you may ignore the highest applicable [Miss chance]. Whenever your partner attacks an opponent against which you took an offensive action within the last [Round], your partner may ignore the highest applicable [Miss chance].
5th Circle ­ The Quick and the DeadEX: While within your [Close] range, your partner gains

66

[Resistance] to all damage dealt by opponents within your [Close] range.
6th Circle ­ Aleph and NullEX: When either you or your partner kills an opponent, you each heal 25 HP and may each immediately take two 5 ft steps.
7th Circle ­ With Your Shield or On ItSU: You don't die until your partner would also be [Dead]. This only works if you are within 100 ft of each other, and have line of effect. If either of those conditions ceases to be met, you die instantly if this ability was currently sustaining you. If your partner has this ability, it does not make you immortal.
Smiting: The Seven Circles of War
All bonuses from this track are fury bonuses, which stack with other fury bonuses from this track. At the beginning of your turn, you may choose not to benefit from fury bonuses to attack rolls, damage and save DCs until the beginning of your next turn. Attacks and abilities that benefit from a fury bonus to attack rolls, damage or save DCs cannot also deal damage with the [Precision] descriptor.
1st Circle ­ SkirmishEX: When you miss on an attack roll against an opponent, add a +1 bonus to your attack rolls for the duration of the [Encounter]. This bonus stacks with itself up to the higher of 2 or your level.

3rd Circle ­ StruggleEX: After hitting a single opponent with two or more consecutive attacks during your turn, your attacks against that opponent, beginning with that second consecutive hit, gain a bonus to damage equal to your Charisma modifier for one [Round]. Beginning with the fourth consecutive hit against the same opponent during your turn, this damage bonus increases to twice your Charisma modifier.
4th Circle ­ EscalationEX: Whenever your Struggle ability activates, you may inflict the [Battered] condition for one [Round] on the opponent you hit to activate Struggle. The duration of this condition increases by one [Round] for every time you hit the opponent again. Additionally, once per [Round], if you hit a [Battered] opponent with an attack, that opponent becomes [Dazed] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier) negates the [Dazed] condition.
5th Circle ­ AnnihilationEX: When you Charge, your attacks gain a bonus to damage equal to your Charisma modifier for the duration of the [Encounter]. This ability stacks with itself up to two times.
6th Circle ­ Scorched EarthEX: If you are reduced to less than half of your normal maximum HP, your attacks gain a bonus to damage equal to your Charisma modifier for the duration of the [Encounter] or until you are healed above that threshold.

2nd Circle ­ ConflictEX: Your attacks gain a bonus to damage equal to your Charisma modifier.

7th Circle ­ War EngineEX: Whenever you hit an opponent with an attack, that opponent becomes

Chapter V: Classes

67

[Battered] and suffers a penalty to its AC equal to your Charisma modifier until the end of the [Encounter].
Virtue: The Seven Circles of Renewal
1st Circle ­ FontSU: Once per [Encounter], you may draw up an immobile wellspring of vitality called a font, which manifests as a low steady hum and a single spark of light. As a swift action, you may place it anywhere within 10 ft + 5 ft per two character levels. Each [Round], at the start of your turn, an arc of restorative energy strikes one ally of your choice within your [Close] range of the font, and heals 2 HP plus your character level and your Charisma modifier. A font expires after a number of [Rounds] equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum 2). Fonts do not occupy a square, and cannot be targeted or affected by anything but the Virtue track abilities of their creator.
2nd Circle ­ IconEX: You may now place up to two fonts per [Encounter], using a separate swift action to place each.
3rd Circle ­ DawnsignEX: Fonts you place now persist for a number of [Rounds] equal to twice your Charisma modifier (minimum 4 [Rounds]), and an additional font emanates from you passively, beginning on your first turn each [Encounter].
4th Circle ­ Vitality EngineSU: If any portion of the HP healed by an arc would have no effect on a target due to his or her HP being full, instead of simply being wasted, that target gains temporary HP

equal to the amount of healing that would have normally had no effect. Unlike normal temporary HP, this stacks to a maximum of half the target's normal max HP. This temporary HP lasts for the duration of the [Encounter].
5th Circle ­ Holy GlyphSU: Instead of its normal benefit, an arc from one of your fonts may be used to expunge any one of the following conditions: [Shaken], [Entangled], [Nauseated], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Blinded], or [Sickened].
You can trigger and direct a single arc from one of your fonts as a swift action, in addition to the normal arcs at the beginning of your turn.
6th Circle ­ Star SparkSU: An arc may be used to expunge any one of the following conditions instead of healing: [Stunned], [Slowed], [Battered], or [Dazed]. Additionally, any time you use your swift action to generate an additional arc, you may destroy any one of your fonts to create an arc that heals 50 points of damage and [Teleport] that ally anywhere within range of a remaining font. You may not destroy the font emanating from your person.
7th Circle ­ RebirthSU: You may destroy a font as part of your swift action to generate an arc that revives a [Dead] ally, healing the ally to 50 hit points in the process (if the ally's maximum hit points are less than 50, he gains the rest as temporary HP). If you opt to do this, you may not destroy a font with Star Spark as part of the same action. You may not destroy the font emanating from your person.

68

Ranger

10
HP/LEVEL
DEX
KOM

6
SKILLS
INT
KDM

Level BAB Fort Ref Will 1 +1 +2 +2 +0 2 +2 +3 +3 +1 3 +3 +4 +4 +1 4 +4 +4 +4 +2 5 +5 +5 +5 +2 6 +6 +6 +6 +3 7 +7 +6 +6 +3 8 +8 +7 +7 +4 9 +9 +8 +8 +4 10 +10 +8 +8 +5 11 +11 +9 +9 +5 12 +12 +10 +10 +6 13 +13 +10 +10 +6 14 +14 +11 +11 +7 15 +15 +12 +12 +7 16 +16 +12 +12 +8 17 +17 +13 +13 +8 18 +18 +14 +14 +9 19 +19 +14 +14 +9 20 +20 +15 +15 +10

Rangers are masters of guerilla warfare, capable scouts and vicious soldiers that use their environment and shrewd tactics to dispose of their enemies. Though their skills are naturally suited for war, during rare times of peace rangers ply their deadly trade in the wilderness as hunters, wardens or poachers.
Though their abilities are well-suited for working alone, rangers sometimes form groups with like-minded characters such as rogues and barbarians in order to shore up their weaknesses and maximize their strengths.

Party Role: Rangers are masters at scouting ahead to look for enemies or traps, and can set deadly ambushes with their stealth skills and traps. This makes them especially potent against groups of weaker enemies. Rangers in Your Game: As many rangers serve in armies as live in forests and turn to banditry. Any job where things need to be killed with a minimum of fuss is a job that a ranger can excel at. Rangers are capable trappers and huntsmen, but can also be skilled swordfighters proficient in an exotic fighting style.

Chapter V: Classes

69

Table 5-4 Ranger Track Abilities

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Professional Soldier Reap the Whirlwind
A Personal Touch Kept Secret, Kept Safe A Swiftness in the Blood Into the Valley of Death
Bring the Rain The Sound of Cannon

Daggers and Bolts 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Battle's Tempering Rather Quick than Dead
Dive for Cover For Ire
Into the Trees It Has Been An Honor
Ghost A Masterpiece in Violence

Professional Soldier
1st Circle ­ Reap the WhirlwindEX: You can, with minimal preparation and using only the resources at hand, create deadly ambushes for your enemy. You can prepare traps, which can be deployed in combat as a swift action. You can deploy one trap per [Encounter], plus one more for every four character levels you possess. A trap will remain functional until the end of the [Encounter], with some exceptions. Every trap has a unique effect when sprung, and while traps are normally visible, they can be concealed with the Larceny skill (as explained in Chapter VII). At 1st circle, you have access to the following traps:
»» Tanglefoot Paste: Atomized in a fine mist that hovers in the air, this paste covers up to five squares in [Close] range of you at time of deployment. Each affected square must

touch at least one other affected square. Targets entering these squares must make a Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier), or stop their movement and become [Flat-footed] until their next turn. »» Tripwire: A tripwire is stretched across a 30 ft line originating from target square within [Medium] range. The entire tripwire must exist entirely within your [Medium] range. Those attempting to leave a square covered by the line fall [Prone]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 +½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] condition. A tripwire can only trigger twice before being destroyed utterly. »» Fumigator: A fumigator can be thrown to any square inside [Medium] range, creating a 20 ft radius spread of with a thin gas that

70

has mild hallucinogenic effects originating from that square. Whenever a creature begins its turn inside the spread or the first time each [Round] that a creature enters the spread, that creature starts seeing double, forcing it to treat all creatures as [Fully concealed] for the next 2 [Rounds]. A successful Will save (DC 10 +½ your level + your KOM) negates this effect. A fumigator dissipates after 4 [Rounds].
2nd Circle ­ A Personal TouchEX: Grappling hooks are standard-issue for rangers, and for good reason. Once per [Round], you may replace an attack made during your attack action with a ranged attack at up to [Close] range at the same attack bonus as the replaced attack. If you hit, you deal damage equal to 1d8 + your KOM and knock the hit opponent [Prone]. As a swift action, you may then immediately pull the opponent closer to you by up to 10 ft + 5 ft per 4 levels you possess. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] condition and thus prevents the pull.
3rd Circle ­ Kept Secret, Kept SafeEX: At will, you may use a move action to lay down a cloaking scatter of smoke, dust, and silvered shards to screen your allies. All allies within [Close] range gain a +2 bonus to AC and Reflex saves for one [Round]. At 12th level, the bonus rises to +3 and rises again to +4 at 18th.
4th Circle ­ A Swiftness in the BloodEX: You may take an additional swift or immediate action per [Round].

5th Circle ­ Into the Valley of DeathEX: As an immediate action, when a creature triggers one of your traps, you may place another trap. This trap may not be placed directly under the unfortunate soul who triggered this ability. You gain access to the following additional traps:
»» Razorpod Cluster: Once activated, this ominous metallic tangleweed splits into three razorpods -- whirring collections of razor edges deployed to three separate squares within [Close] range. At the beginning of your turn, each razorpod you have deployed can move up to half your speed. Razorpods can move into a creature's occupied square and creatures can move into a square that a razorpod is in, but due to their tendency to get caught on anything, two razorpods cannot share the same square. Whenever a creature moves into a square occupied by a razorpod for that creature's first time this [Round], or at the end of your turn if at least one razorpod occupies the same square as a creature, that creature is dealt damage equal to your level plus your KOM. This damage ignores [Damage reduction] and [Resistance]. After dealing damage three times, a razorpod is utterly destroyed.
»» Remote mine: Remote mines exist for the sole purpose of delivering cleverly timed pillars of cheery and warmth-giving fire hot enough to melt steel. Each prepared remote mine can be deployed in target square within [Close] range. As an immediate action, you may detonate a remote mine to create a 15 ft radius spread originating from the mine's square that deals four times your character level in energy damage with the

Chapter V: Classes

71

[Fire] descriptor and inflicts the [Battered] condition for two [Rounds] against all opponents within the spread. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your character level + your KOM) halves the damage.
6th Circle ­ Bring the RainEX: As a move action, if you have a means of communicating with a creature, you provide that creature with targeting information for its abilities. This lets the creature use your location instead of its location for purposes of determining line of sight, line of effect, and range when calculating whether it can target a location or creature with one of its spells or abilities. This ability works over any distance, and any offensive actions taken from your location count as an offensive action taken by you. You may maintain this effect for as many [Rounds] as you wish by spending a move action each [Round] you wish to maintain this effect.
7th Circle ­ The Sound of CannonEX: You become as swift as the terrible thunder you herald. You gain a +6 bonus to your initiative, and all allies gain a +4 bonus to their initiative, bringing your total bonus to +10.
Daggers and Bolts
Most rangers are master snipers, striking fear into the hearts of demon generals and aberrant tyrants. These rangers take the Reign of Arrows track, given immediately below. Some, however, devote themselves to an ancient art of blade magic, built around chains of precise strikes that leave a worthy opponent devastated and helpless. Such

masters of swordplay take the Iron Magi track, detailed after A Reign of Arrows.
You can choose either Iron Magi or A Reign of Arrows when you gain your first circle of Daggers and Bolts. This choice is permanent, although you can multiclass out of this track as normal.
A Reign of Arrows
1st Circle ­ Dead-eyeEX: You fight best when you don't fight fair. When you hit a [Flat-footed] opponent with a ranged attack, you deal 3 additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor per 2 character levels, to a minimum of 3 additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor.
2nd Circle ­ Return FireEX: Once per [Round], when an opponent within [Close] range attacks you, you may make a ranged attack against that opponent that does not provoke an attack of opportunity. If your attack hits, it deals damage equal to your character level and leaves your target [Flatfooted] for one [Round].
3rd Circle ­ RicochetEX: You can intercept any sort of projectile, given a chance. As an immediate action, you can intercept and hinder any ranged attack, spell, supernatural ability, or spell-like ability that would target or affect an ally within [Close] range. Make an attack roll with a ranged weapon you are wielding. For purposes of that offensive action, the ally can freely choose to replace its Armor Class or any saves it makes with your attack roll.
4th Circle ­ Missile BarrageEX: Each attack you make is part of a carefully planned pattern of fire. Immediately after taking an attack action in which all attacks are made against target creature,

72

you may create a spread with a radius of 5 ft per 5 levels you possess originating from target creature, causing each creature in the area besides target creature to be [Blown away] in a direction of your choice.
5th Circle ­ A Crashing of HeavenEX: You learn to take aim, steady your breathing, and unleash devastation on your foe. Twice per [Encounter], as a move action, your next ranged attack this [Round] deals additional damage equal to four times your character level if it hits. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) halves the additional damage and prevents that attack from reducing your target below 1 HP. Whether it hits or misses, this attack inflicts the [Battered] condition on your target. This is a [Death] effect.
6th Circle ­ Storm BoltEX: Once per [Round], as a swift action, you may make your next ranged attack this [Round] into a Storm Bolt; if the attack hits, your target becomes [Dazed] for one [Round]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 +½ your character level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates the [Dazed] condition.
7th Circle ­ Thus Always UntoSU: As a swift action, you can sap the will and ability of your opponents with every strike; until the end of your turn, whenever you hit an opponent with a ranged attack, you may inflict the [Energy drained] condition on that opponent. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Energy drained] condition and instead leaves the opponent [Flat-footed] for one [Round].

Iron Magi
By connecting a sequence of attacks and arcane abilities, called a Chain, you can call on the powerful abilities known as Chain finishers.
Your Chain has a length of zero at the beginning of each [Encounter]. A chain is measured by the number of Links in it. Whenever you make a successful melee attack, you may add one Link to your Chain. Iron Magi abilities called Chain components add one Link to your Chain whenever they are activated, even if they include attacks within them. Each Chain component is activated during an attack action to replace one or more melee attacks in that attack action, and each can be activated once per [Round]. Attacks made as part of a Chain component cannot be replaced as part of another Chain component.
Each Chain finisher can be activated as a swift action once per [Round], and can only be activated if the Chain has a certain number of Links or more, specified in the text of each ability. As part of each Chain Finisher, you may [Teleport] up to 5 ft per Link in the Chain, which lets you close gaps and bring home the attack. You can choose to [Teleport] before or after the effect of the Chain finisher, and this [Teleport] does not provoke attacks of opportunity. Activating a Chain finisher ends the current Chain, reducing the number of Links in it to zero.
1st Circle ­ A Cadence of BlowsEX: From the Tempo comes the simplest Chain component, which trades immediate opportunities for a long-term advantage by throwing an opponent off balance. A Cadence of Blows replaces a single melee attack in an attack action, and when activated, grants you a +1 bonus to attack rolls against a single

Chapter V: Classes

73

opponent within [Melee] range and a +1 bonus to AC. These bonuses stack twice at 1st circle, three times at 3rd circle, four times at 5th circle, and five times at 7th circle.
A Cadence of Blows can also be activated as a Chain finisher when you have a chain of at least one Link long.
2nd Circle ­ Howl of the North WindSU: This explosion of the biting and arctic first wind can be activated as a Chain finisher that requires at least one Link in your Chain. You create a 30 ft radius spread originating from you that deals damage equal to your character level to all opponents in the area and renders them [Blown away] or [Prone], at your choice. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates the [Blown away] or [Prone] conditions.
3rd Circle ­ Beloved of the DiraeSU: You gain a [Bonus attack] whenever you take an attack action. In addition, you may call on the principle of lightning through the spirits of celestial anger called Dirae. This is a Chain component that replaces two melee attacks in an attack action to strike an opponent with a rain of sparks. You may make a single melee attack against a creature within your [Medium] range. Regardless of whether the attack hits or misses, you create a 35 ft radius spread originating from your target that lasts for one [Round]. The first time that an opponent moves into or begins its turn in this spread, it takes energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor equal to your character level. Opponents in the spread at the end of the spread's duration are dealt energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor equal to twice your level.

4th Circle ­ Scream of the Black SkySU: With the festering darkness of the second wind, you conjure a swirl of violent black clouds as a Chain finisher that requires at least two Links in your chain. Up to three target opponents within your [Close] range take damage equal to twice your character level, and are [Blinded] for two [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) halves the [Blinded] duration. Scream of the Black Sky may be activated three times per [Encounter].
5th Circle ­ Staccato BlastwaveSU: As a Chain component that replaces two melee attacks in an attack action, you invoke the Principle of Thunder to create a ripple of violent sound that shatters bone and tears flesh. You make a single melee attack, which deals damage as normal, plus additional damage equal to twice your character level plus your KOM. If the attack misses, you still deal damage equal to twice your character level plus your KOM to its target.
6th Circle ­ Bellow of the Deep EarthSU: Roaring and sudden, you call the underground current of the third wind forth as a Chain finisher that requires at least three Links in your chain. You create a 50 ft radius spread originating from you that deals damage equal to three times your character level to all opponents in the area and renders them [Prone] and [Entangled]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] and [Entangled] conditions. Bellow of the Deep Earth may be activated three times per [Encounter].

74

7th Circle ­ Mastery of Law: As the curious tenets of your art become obvious to you, you begin to grasp a great and terrible truth. You gain the following abilities.
»» Magnum OpusEX: All of your Chain components and successful melee attacks add an additional Link to your Chain.
»» Roar of the Storm LordsSU: Once per [Encounter], you may activate this ability as a Chain finisher that requires at least seven Links in your Chain. You create a spread with a radius of your [Medium] range originating from you, which deals damage equal to three times your character level to all opponents in the area, and renders them [Battered] for two [Rounds], knocks them [Prone], and repositions each of them up to 70 ft each to squares of your choice. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates the repositioning effect and the [Prone] condition.
Battle's Tempering
1st Circle ­ Rather Quick than DeadEX: Moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost you extra movement. In addition, choose one of the following options. This choice is permanent:
»» Shoot First: You gain a bonus equal to half your level (minimum 1) on initiative checks.
»» Gain Ground: You can take an additional 5 ft step each [Round].
2nd Circle ­ Dive for CoverEX: Once per [Encounter], when you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an offensive action that would normally

have a lesser effect on a successful save (such as a spell with a save of "Reflex half "), you instead ignore the effect entirely.
3rd Circle ­ For IreEX: You gain [Fast healing] equal to your Key Defensive Modifier, and becoming [Flat-footed] does not prevent you from making attacks of opportunity or taking immediate actions.
4th Circle ­ Look of a SurvivorEX: You gain [Resistance] to physical damage.
5th Circle ­ It Has Been an HonorEX: You are a true expert at getting the hell out of Dodge. You gain [Immunity] to [Binding] effects. In addition, once per [Round], as a move action or as part of a move action, you can fade into your environment, duplicating the effects of the invisibility spell.
6th Circle ­ GhostEX: You resist magical and technological attempts to locate you. Items, spells, and supernatural and spell-like abilities cannot be used to establish line of sight to you. Divination spells cannot be used to track or locate you. Additionally, you ignore bonuses to opponents' Awareness from items, spells, and supernatural and spell-like abilities.
7th Circle ­ A Masterpiece in ViolenceEX: Once per [Encounter], if you would take 60 or more damage from a single attack, effect, or ability, you may immediately make an attack action against the source of the damage. If this attack action kills your target, you take no damage.

Chapter V: Classes

75

Rogue

8
HP/LEVEL
VARIES
KOM

6
SKILLS
VARIES
KDM

Level BAB
1 +0 2 +1 3 +2 4 +3 5 +3 6 +4 7 +5 8 +6 9 +6 10 +7 11 +8 12 +9 13 +9 14 +10 15 +11 16 +12 17 +12 18 +13 19 +14 20 +15

Good Poor Ref
Save Save +2 +2 +0 +3 +3 +1 +4 +4 +1 +4 +4 +2 +5 +5 +2 +6 +6 +3 +6 +6 +3 +7 +7 +4 +8 +8 +4 +8 +8 +5 +9 +9 +5 +10 +10 +6 +10 +10 +6 +11 +11 +7 +12 +12 +7 +12 +12 +8 +13 +13 +8 +14 +14 +9 +14 +14 +9 +15 +15 +10

No two rogues are quite the same, and some can show quite incredible variety. Whether by nature or nurture, rogues develop a wide range of talents, though any given rogue has a preference for certain aspects of that spectrum. These unorthodox fighting styles make rogues dangerous and unpredictable opponents, and they often relish in their enemies' confusion. A rogue's vast arsenal of tricks means they can keep their enemies guessing until the final blow. Some rogues like to make elaborate plans, but most play it fast and loose, relying on their famous luck when everything goes sour.

Party Role: Rogues are excellent at dealing lots of damage while remaining mobile. A rogue should always be on the lookout for her next target, and deliver devastating blows where they count most. As a class that trains many skills, rogues are versatile characters both in and out of combat. Rogues in Your Game: While it might be tempting to make all rogues some kind of thief, they can also serve as excellent scouts, pirates, musketeers, duelists, or undercover detectives. A rogue's many skills make them excellent experts of almost any profession.

76

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Esoterica Radica Playing It Right When to Hold When to Fold When to Cheat When to Run An Ace to Keep Gambler's Dao

Rogue Offensive Track 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Rogue Defensive Track 1
2

Table 5-5 Rogue Track Abilities

3

4

5

6

7

Rogues are either unsurpassed experts in skills or able combatants. At 1st level, a rogue chooses between either a Good Base Attack Bonus (equal to level) or 2 additional trained skills (bringing their base number of trained skills to 8). This choice is permanent.
In addition, rogues can choose between being slippery tricksters or hardy thugs. Choose one of Will or Fortitude; that save is a Good save for you, and the other is Poor. Reflex is always a Good save for rogues.
Each rogue chooses a single track's worth of offensive class features and a single track's worth of defensive class features. You choose both your offensive and defensive track at 1st level, determining your KOM and KDM. Once made, these choices are permanent. Unless stated otherwise, rogue abilities are extraordinary and can be used at will.

While rogues can choose different offensive and defensive tracks, one track is common to all rogues and cannot be traded away via multiclassing (or accessed via multiclassing). This track is the basic set of tricks that all rogues use, called the Esoterica Radica.
The variety inherent to rogues means that rogues vary in their Key Ability Modifiers. Your choice of offensive track determines your Key Offensive Modifier, and your choice of defensive track determines your Key Defensive Modifier. If you multiclass out of one of these tracks, you may choose any ability modifier for the KOM (for rogues without an offensive track) or KDM (for rogues without a defensive track); of course, the two modifiers must still be linked to different abilities.

Chapter V: Classes

77

Esoterica Radica
Rogues are by nature gamblers, people who bet everything on chances that they can't control. Whether a rogue is crouched in an alcove hoping a guard won't glance in while passing by or setting a fuse with just enough time to sprint through a hallway, dive through a window, and land in a moat, there is always an extra variable that no rogue can control. The abilities of the Esoterica Radica let you stretch your circumstances just far enough to get past that extra variable and make a quick getaway if you still can't win.
1st Circle ­ Playing it RightEX: Any rogue learns to use a few key skills without pausing to think about them. Pick two skills. You can take 10 on both these skills regardless of circumstances.

5th Circle ­ When to RunEX: Sometimes walking away from a fight isn't fast enough. Twice per [Encounter], as an immediate action, you can move up to your movement speed.
6th Circle ­ An Ace to KeepEX: You can be extra-lucky when you need to be. Once per [Round], you may make a hit with an attack that is not a critical hit into a critical hit, inflicting all normal effects of a critical hit.
7th Circle ­ Gambler's DaoEX: You've made it this far with unbelievably good luck, so you may as well keep relying on it. Whenever you roll a d20, you instead roll two d20s and choose the better result.
Offensive Track

2nd Circle ­ When to HoldEX: When it's time to stand your ground, you trust in your uncanny luck to protect you. Once per [Encounter] per circle you possess in this track, as an immediate action, you may gain a +2 bonus to your Armor Class, Fortitude, Reflex, and Will saves until the beginning of your next turn.
3rd Circle ­ When to FoldEX: You know the value of beating a hasty retreat in the face of danger. Once per [Encounter], plus an additional usage for every 4 character levels, as a swift action, you can gain an extra move action on your current turn. If you use this move action to move, the movement provokes attacks of opportunity as normal.
4th Circle ­ When to CheatEX: You may take an additional swift or immediate action per [Round].

Pick one of the following tracks. You gain the abilities of your chosen track in order, at the level shown in the table for your class.
Assassin
Rogues who choose the Assassin track focus on their ability to set up devastating strikes from cover or stealth. Eventually, they learn to destroy crowds just as efficiently as they would eliminate a lone guardsman. Your Key Offensive Modifier is Dexterity, as appropriate for a stealthy character.
1st Circle ­ Sneak AttackEX: You know that a fair fight is a failure to plan. Any time you make an attack that hits a [Flat-footed], [Helpless], [Confused], [Dazed], [Entangled], [Exhausted], [Stunned], [Shaken], [Frightened], [Cowering] or [Panicked] target, you deal 1d6 additional damage with the

78

[Precision] descriptor per Assassin circle that you possess, to a maximum of 7d6.

that opponent is [Slowed] until the beginning of your next turn.

2nd Circle ­ Slayer's SenseEX: Once you go for an enemy, you're rarely inclined to let them escape alive. You can ignore [Concealed] and [Fully concealed] when attacking an opponent you have previously damaged with Sneak Attack during the [Encounter].
3rd Circle ­ Blood Calls to BladeEX: Any time you make an attack against an opponent subject to your Sneak Attack ability, you gain a +4 bonus on your attack roll.

7th Circle ­ No ExitEX: Hell is one other person in particular -- you. Twice per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may deal additional damage equal to 5× your level on your next Sneak Attack this [Round], and cause the target to be [Blinded] and [Stunned] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) halves the additional damage and causes the opponent to become [Dazzled] and [Entangled], instead of being [Stunned] and [Blinded]. This is a [Death] effect.

4th Circle ­ Menacing PresenceEX: The sight of one of your victims leaves their allies disturbed and vulnerable. Whenever an opponent ends its turn within your [Melee] range of another creature you have damaged with a Sneak Attack during this [Encounter], it becomes [Shaken] for one [Round]. This is a [Mind-affecting], [Fear] effect.
5th Circle ­ Felling StrikeEX: The shock of a Sneak Attack often causes an enemy to open their defenses. Whenever you deal additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor to an opponent within [Melee] range with your Sneak Attack ability, that opponent is knocked [Prone]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] condition.
6th Circle ­ Battle FatigueEX: Even if an enemy survives your first strikes, you still leave their body battered and crippled. If you deal Sneak Attack damage to an opponent twice in the same [Round],

Swashbuckler
Rogues who choose the Swashbuckler track focus on elegant, mobile combat, preferably one-on-one so that they can isolate an opponent and show off properly. Your Key Offensive Modifier is Dexterity, since you value quick mobility and finesse.
1st Circle ­ Dance With MeEX: Whenever you move at least 10 ft, your next attack this [Round] deals additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor equal to your KDM plus your character level.
2nd Circle ­ Once More!EX: When you spend a standard action to make a single attack that is not part of a spell-like ability or spell, and then move at least 10 ft during the same [Round], you may make a single melee attack at the end of your movement. This attack, called a Once More! attack, can be made another time at the end of each additional instance of movement after moving at least 10 more ft. The required distance may

Chapter V: Classes

79

comprise a single movement or multiple movements (such as a pair of 5 ft steps), but a Once More! attack can only be made when a movement ends. If the movement is made as part of an action, you can likewise only activate Once More! at the end of that action. At 2nd circle you may only make one Once More! attack per [Round]. This expands to two Once More! attacks per [Round] at 4th circle, and three Once More! attacks per [Round] at 6th circle.
3rd Circle ­ Dirty FightingEX: Your speed and finesse leave opponents demoralized and bruised, even before they are defeated. The first time you hit any opponent with a Once More! attack this [Round], your opponent becomes [Battered] for two [Rounds]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Battered] condition.
4th Circle ­ Kick Him While He's DownEX: Once you begin to throw down, you have a knack of taking the advantage and running with it. Once per [Round], after making an attack during your turn, you may immediately take two free 5 ft steps (even if you used or will use a move action to move) and make a [Bonus attack].

opportunity from you, you may move 10 ft in any direction before making your attack of opportunity. In addition, every time you hit an opponent with a Once More! attack, you may move the target 10 ft in any direction. This movement does not provoke an attack of opportunity.
7th Circle ­ Topsy TurvyEX: Sometimes you roll with the punches and sometimes the punches roll with you. Your Panache ability may now move each opponent within your [Melee] range after you hit an opponent with a Once More! attack instead of just the opponent hit. Once per [Round] for each opponent moved, if your opponent is adjacent to an obstacle or occupied square and you are able to push them 5 ft or further, you may forgo any further movement from that activation of Panache to render that opponent [Prone]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] condition.
Demo Man
Rogues who choose the Demo Man track rely on their ability to destroy all obstacles in their path. Your Key Offensive Modifier is Intelligence, as the strength of your explosives largely depends on your skill in making them.

5th Circle ­ Concussive ImpactEX: You disorient your opponents with lightning-fast strikes. If you hit an opponent with two Once More! attacks in the same [Round], they become [Confused] for one [Round ].
6th Circle ­ PanacheEX: You mercilessly take advantage of openings in your opponents' defenses. Any time an opponent provokes an attack of

1st Circle ­ Smells Like VictoryEX: You love the smell of freshly mixed exposives in the morning. Or afternoon. Or evening, for that matter. Choose an elemental descriptor ([Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire]). This choice is permanent. As a move action or a swift action, you can mix noxious chemicals into a vial, which lasts for one [Round], at which point it becomes useless. These vials can be thrown as attacks in an attack

80

action, and you can throw as many vials per [Round] as you have vials to throw, as a ranged attack ([Close] range), with an item bonus to the attack roll equal to the number of Demo Man circles you possess. A target hit by the vial takes elemental damage with the chosen descriptor equal to 1d4 per level you possess, plus your Key Offensive Modifier, and starts [Burning]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier) negates the [Burning] condition.
2nd Circle ­ Flash-bangEX: Once per [Round], as part of a move action, you can add a fuse to a powerful firecracker, which lasts for one [Round] before its volatile chemicals become useless. You can use the firecracker in either of the following ways:
»» Flash Grenade: As a ranged attack, which can be made as part of an attack action, you can throw the firecracker at target square within [Close] range, which creates a 10 ft radius spread originating from that square. All creatures within the spread are [Blinded] and [Deafened] for two [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier) negates the [Blinded] and [Deafened] conditions.
»» Flash Missile: You can affix the firecracker to a single ranged weapon in your possession or a vial prepared with your Smells Like Victory ability. The next time you hit a creature with an attack using either that weapon or vial, that creature is [Blinded] and [Deafened] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier) negates the [Blinded] and [Deafened] conditions.

3rd Circle ­ Sticky BombEX: It dawns on you that you might want to ensure a safer escape. Once per [Encounter] per 4 character levels, you can affix a pouch of entangling goo to a single ranged weapon in your possession or a vial prepared with your Smells Like Victory ability. The next time you hit a creature with that weapon or vial before the beginning of your next turn, that creature and all creatures within a 20 ft radius spread originating from that creature are [Entangled] for two [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier) negates the [Entangled] condition.
4th Circle ­ High ExplosiveEX: Your most spectacular creation yet is so volatile you'd be a fool to carry more than one... so you carry two. Twice per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may create a 30 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Close] range, which deals 1d6 damage per level plus your KOM to creatures within the area and pushes them to the closest square outside of it, knocks them [Prone], and leaves them [Dazed] for one [Round]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier) negates the [Dazed] condition and halves the damage.
5th Circle ­ Sapper RodsEX: You've created bombs that undermine magic itself. Twice per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may create a 30 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Close] range, and choose to do one of the following: end two target effects created by spells or spell-like abilities of 5th circle or lower that have durations and that originate from a creature or square within the spread or targeted a creature

Chapter V: Classes

81

within the spread; or end a single target effect created by a spell or spell-like ability of 6th or 7th circle or lower that has a duration and that originates from a creature or square within the spread or targeted a creature within the spread. This is a [Dispelling] effect.
6th Circle ­ Cluster BombEX: The more explosives you can fit in one space, the better. Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can detonate a cluster bomb in any square within [Close] range, creating a 30 ft radius spread originating from target square. This cluster bomb has three of the following effects of your choice:
»» Vitriol: Creatures in the spread take energy damage with the elemental descriptor chosen for your Smells Like Victory ability equal to 1d4 per level you possess, plus your Key Offensive Modifier, and starts [Burning]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Burning] condition.
»» Flash: Creatures in the spread are [Blinded] and [Deafened] for two [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save negates this effect
»» Tangle: Creatures in the spread are [Entangled] for two [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save negates this effect.
»» Blast: Creatures in the spread take damage equal to 1d6 per level you possess, plus your Key Offensive Modifier, and are pushed to the closest square outside of the burst, are knocked [Prone], and are [Dazed] for one [Round]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Dazed] condition and halves the damage.
»» Dispel: Choose one: End two target effects created by spells or spell-like abilities of 5th

circle or lower that have durations and that originate from a creature or square within the spread or targeted a creature within the spread; or end a single target effect created by a spell or spell-like ability of 6th or 7th circle or lower that has a duration and that originates from a creature or square within the spread or targeted a creature within the spread. This is a [Dispelling] effect. The DC for these Reflex saves is 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier.
7th Circle ­ Show Them AllEX: They laughed you out of the university ­ but who's laughing now? Once per [Encounter], as a ranged attack, you can hurl a bomb that is beyond the wildest dreams of your stuffy professors at target square within [Close] range. You can make this attack as part of an attack action. The bomb detonates in a massive 60 ft radius spread originating from target square, inflicting 4 damage per level to all opponents in the vicinity. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier) halves the damage. Additionally, the blast leaves a cloud of flaming debris throughout its area of effect that lasts three [Rounds] and deals 2 damage per character level you possess to any creature entering the debris cloud and to any creature that begins or ends its turn in the debris cloud.
Defensive Track
Pick one of the following tracks. You gain the abilities of your chosen track in order, at the level shown in the table.

82

Acrobatic Adept
Rogues who choose the Acrobatic Adept track rely on their athletic abilities to keep out of danger. Your Key Defensive Modifier is Constitution, as performing such an impressive series of dodges is incredibly draining.
1st Circle ­ Just That QuickEX: You learn to react to attacks with stunning alacrity, sometimes dodging a blow that would otherwise pierce your armor. Once per [Round] per circle you possess from this track, when an opponent who is not [Concealed] or [Fully concealed] makes an attack against you, if you are not [Entangled], you may make a Reflex save and use the result in place of your AC against that attack if the result is higher than your AC.
2nd Circle ­ EvasionEX: Once per [Encounter], if you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an offensive action that normally deals half damage on a successful save, you may instead take no damage.
Additionally, you gain a bonus to Reflex saves equal to 1/4th your level (minimum 1).
3rd Circle ­ Supersonic ManEX: You gain a 10 ft bonus to your movement speed and a +1 bonus to AC, and you gain one [Bonus attack].
4th Circle ­ Don't Stop Me NowEX: You can slip out of any bonds, even magical ones, and dexterously dive over any obstacle. You gain [Immunity] to effects with the [Binding] descriptor, and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost you extra movement.

5th Circle ­ Artful DodgerEX: Your sweet moves have become things of beauty. You never provoke attacks of opportunity.
6th Circle ­ No SellEX: Once per [Encounter], any time during a [Round], you may make a Reflex save. You may use the result of this save to replace the results of any Fortitude or Will saves you make for the rest of the [Round].
7th Circle ­ Faster Than the EyeEX: Your exceedingly acrobatic movements, like the unpredictable movements of a fly, fool the eyes of those attempting to harm you. Whenever you use Just that Quick and your opponent's attack roll misses, you gain 20% [Miss chance] for one [Round]. This stacks with itself, but not other sources, up to a maximum of 80% [Miss chance].
I Am Ten Ninjas
Practitioners of the exotic art of espionage known as ninjutsu often develop near-supernatural abilities to complement their stealth training. Your Key Defensive Modifier is Wisdom, as perceptiveness and self-control are critical in learning the art of the ninja.
1st Circle ­ Smoke Bomb!EX: As a ninja, you are wellschooled in the art of disappearing at a moment's notice. As a swift action, you can create an obscuring mist, as the spell. Creating a fourth obscuring mist causes the oldest of your obscuring mists to disperse immediately.
2nd Circle ­ Ninja ReflexesEX: Once per [Encounter], when you make a successful Reflex saving throw against an offensive action that would normally

Chapter V: Classes

83

have a lesser effect on a successful save (such as a spell with a save of "Reflex half "), you may choose to instead ignore the effect entirely.
3rd Circle ­ Shadow StepEX: As a swift action, you gain [Blindsight] out to [Melee] range and may add the [Teleport] descriptor to any of your movements for one [Round]. Whenever you activate the Smoke Bomb! ability, you may activate Shadow Step without taking another action.
4th Circle ­ Hummingbird StanceEX: You gain the Fly movement mode. In addition, as a standard action, you can move up to your speed and make a single attack at any point during your movement.
5th Circle ­ Flash of ShadowsEX: Once per [Encounter] per 4 levels, as an immediate action, you can [Teleport] a distance up to your movement speed.
6th Circle ­ Paint It BlackEX: You can make a Stealth check as a swift or immediate action. In addition, you no longer suffer a penalty to your Stealth check for moving at more than half your speed. Once per [Encounter], you may retain the result of your Stealth check after taking an offensive action.
7th Circle ­ Void DiscipleEX: You are permanently [Invisible] and have [Immunity] to the [Revealed] condition. Special vision modes like [Blindsight], [Ghostwise sight], and [Tremorsense] do not allow creatures to ignore the effects of the [Invisibility] condition on you. As a free action, you can turn this ability on or off. However, you must still use the Stealth skill to remain fully unseen.

Fortune's Friend
Some people are just lucky. Whether by the blessings of some god, the accumulation of charms, or some innate ability to manipulate fate, things always seem to go more favorably for a very fortunate few. Your Key Defensive Modifier is Charisma, reflecting your ability to talk and finagle your way out of otherwise-deadly scrapes.
1st Circle ­ A Little to the LeftEX: You seem to narrowly dodge what would otherwise be lethal blows. Once per [Encounter], if you would be reduced to negative hit points, you are instead reduced to 1 hit point and immediately gain a move action. If you have the Swashbuckler track, this move action triggers the Once More! ability (if you wish to use it).
2nd Circle ­ ImprovisationEX: As a swift action, you can grant yourself or an ally within [Close] range a +2 bonus on attack rolls, saving throws, and skill checks until the beginning of your next turn.
3rd Circle ­ Gift of GabEX: By distracting your opponents with constant jokes, elaborate discourse, and simple nonsense, you gain a +3 deflection bonus to Armor Class and a +3 bonus to Reflex saving throws.
4th Circle ­ Better Lucky And GoodEX: Twice per [Encounter], once per [Round], you can remove any one of the following conditions from yourself: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Confused], [Cowering], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Entangled ], [Exhausted ], [Fatigued ], [Frightened ], [Nauseated ], [Panicked ], [Paralyzed], [Petrified], [Shaken], [Sickened] or

84

[Stunned]. Activating this ability does not require an action, and can be done even if a condition would normally prevent you from acting.
5th Circle ­ Changing the OddsEX: Things that shouldn't work in your favor sometimes do anyway. Once per [Scene], plus an additional time for every Fortune's Friend circle you possess (including this one), as a swift action, you can reroll a single d20 roll after knowing whether that roll succeeds or fails. You must keep the second result, even if it's unfavorable.
6th Circle ­ Never Tell Me the OddsEX: Once per [Round], as an immediate action, you can add 1d4 to a single d20 roll. If the result of the two dice rolls together is 20 or higher, it counts as rolling a natural 20 in any situation in which a natural 20 would matter.
7th Circle ­ Roll With ItEX: Once per [Round], when you would take any amount of damage, you may take half that much damage instead.

Chapter V: Classes

85

Sage

8
HP/LEVEL
VARIES
KOM

6
SKILLS
VARIES
KDM

Level BAB Good Saves Poor Save

1 +0

+2

+0

2 +1

+3

+1

3 +2

+4

+1

4 +3

+4

+2

5 +3

+5

+2

6 +4

+6

+3

7 +5

+6

+3

8 +6

+7

+4

9 +6

+8

+4

10 +7

+8

+5

11 +8

+9

+5

12 +9

+10

+6

13 +9

+10

+6

14 +10 +11

+7

15 +11 +12

+7

16 +12 +12

+8

17 +12 +13

+8

18 +13 +14

+9

19 +14 +14

+9

20 +15 +15

+10

Whatever the time or place, there are always dark secrets hidden away, ripe for the inquisitive mind to plunder. The sage is such a mind, and her knowledge of unsavoury arcana gives her many an advantage over her comparatively ignorant opponents. The magic of a sage is not shackled by traditional conceptions and petty precautions that lesser beings adhere to, making each sage uniquely unpredictable in her abilities and fighting style. For that same reason, sages tend to be loners ­ two sages rarely have many things in common, making it difficult to learn from one another.

Party Role: Depending on your choice of abilities for Sage's Wrath, you will either be harrying opponents from a distance or up close and personal, inflicting both damage and debilitating status effects. Don't stay still long enough to get hit. Sages in Your Game: There is no better class than sage to represent a demon-worshipping cultist or the cleric of a mad god, but they also make fine battle priests and spellswords. Because many of their abilities help allies, sages make good squad leaders on a battlefield.

86

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Sage's Wrath 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Force of Will Healing Burst A Stitch in Time Stem the Tide Steady Old Hand Shields, Brace! Swift as Thought The Time is Now

Arcane Secrets Hungry Shadows
Space, Discontent

Table 5-6 Sage Track Abilities

Dweomertide

Space, Twisted

Unbearable Lightness Of Casting

Gravity Smash

Cascade Failure

Sages are diverse and learn from all of the world's mysteries. Your Key Offensive Modifier is any mental ability modifier, and your Key Defensive Modifier is any physical ability modifier, chosen at character generation. Additionally, you may choose any two saving throws as your Good saves, with the remaining one becoming a Poor save.
Sage's Wrath
When troubles wrack normal people, the sage grimly plies ancient crafts to enforce her (or, as the case may be, his) will on the battlefield. Choose either the Just Blade or Arcane Lore track. You gain the abilities of that track at the levels stated in the table.

Just Blade
1st Circle ­ Grim HeritorSU: As a swift action, or part of another swift action, you may form a melee weapon of your choice out of pure energy, though it may include a decorative hilt as part of your personal stylings.
This weapon has the [Arcane] property and three other weapon properties of your choice, and is a Lesser item of your design with enchantments as normal for a magic weapon of its type (see Chapter XIII). These choices are permanent. This weapon, called your Grim Heritor, does not count against your normal limit of attuned magic items.
When you gain your 4th circle in Just Blade, redesign this weapon as a Greater item, and when you gain your 6th circle, redesign it as a Relic. Though your Grim Heritor possesses the [Arcane] property, the weapon itself is a supernatural ability, and attacks with it benefit from magic weapon

Chapter V: Classes

87

item bonuses to attack, magic item enchantments that trigger on a hit, and the [Brutal] property. While wielding your Grim Heritor, you count as having a Good Base Attack Bonus (equal to your level). You may only have a single Grim Heritor in existence at a time, and may cause it to disappear as a free action.
2nd Circle ­ Mental ThrustSU: As a move action, you may cause target opponent within [Close] range to be [Blown away] in a direction of your choosing. If that opponent would enter and leave a square you occupy, it provokes an attack of opportunity from you before passing on its less than merry way. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates this effect.
3rd Circle ­ Mystic FocusSU: The burgeoning power of your art allows you to create an unstable circuit of arcane power in your Grim Heritor.
You begin each [Encounter] with your Grim Heritor uncharged. Once per [Round ], as a swift action, if your Grim Heritor is not already charged, you may choose a spell-like ability that you possess. If you do so, your Grim Heritor becomes charged. While your Grim Heritor is charged, you possess a 20% [Miss chance].
When you hit an opponent with an attack made using your Grim Heritor, if the Grim Heritor is charged, you may render it uncharged; note the result of your attack roll for that attack, and activate the chosen spell-like ability (if able) without provoking attacks of opportunity as a [Surge] effect. If the spell-like ability targets one or more creatures, you must choose that opponent as a target of the spell-like ability if able. If the spell-like ability targets one or more squares, you

must choose one square that opponent occupies as a target of the spell-like ability if able. If you would make an attack roll for an attack against a creature as part of activating the spell-like ability, compare the noted result to that creature's AC instead. If it equals or exceeds that creature's AC, that attack hits that creature. Abilities and effects other than the spell-like ability's effects that take place as the result of a hit or critical hit don't activate as a result of this hit.
4th Circle ­ Vectored ThrustSU: You gain the Fly movement mode.
5th Circle ­ Devastating BarrageSU: You can manipulate the latent forces of the universe. Once per [Round], as a move action, you may create a line with a maximum length of 25 ft + 5 ft per four levels originating from you. Creatures occupying a square in the line are moved to the last square in the line.
You then create an implosion, dealing damage equal to twice your level to creatures other than you in that square or any square adjacent to that square, moving those creatures to that square, and knocking them [Prone]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) halves the damage and negates the [Prone] condition and the moving effect from the implosion.
6th Circle ­ Indestructible FocusSU: You gain [Lesser resistance] to all damage. At the beginning of your turn, you gain a Grim Barrier that grants [Lesser resistance] against the next source of damage you suffer. Grim Barriers accumulate during an [Encounter] and stack with one another, but each time you are dealt damage, a single Grim Barrier

88

dissipates. All Grim Barriers dissipate at the end of each [Encounter].
7th Circle ­ Voice of DevastationSU: You can call upon the fundamental truths of the universe and proclaim your enemies' mortality. Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may create a spread with a radius equal to your [Close] range originating from you that deals damage equal to three times your level to all opponents and renders them [Battered] for 3 [Rounds] and [Stunned] for 1 [Round]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Stunned] condition.
Arcane Lore
1st Circle ­ Black TidingsSU: Once per [Round], as a standard action, you toss twisting gyres of energy through the air, dealing devastating damage. The actual blast wave takes one of the two following forms, which you may freely alternate between.
»» Dread Wave: The Dread Wave manifests as a wedge with a length of 20 ft + 10 ft per circle of Arcane Lore you possess originating from you that deals energy damage with the [Cold] descriptor or magical damage with the [Negative] descriptor, chosen each time you activate Dread Wave. The Dread Wave deals damage equal to your KOM plus 1d4 per character level you possess to all creatures in the wedge and renders them [Shaken] for one [Round]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ character level + Key Offensive Modifier) negates the [Shaken] condition.
»» Hammerfall: Hammerfall deals 1d6 energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor or

physical damage, chosen each time you activate Hammerfall, per character level you possess to each creature in a target square within 100 ft plus 15 ft per character level or any square within one square of that square. At 3rd circle, this increases to within two squares of that square. At 5th circle, this increases to within three squares of that square. At 7th circle, this increases to within four squares of that square at 7th circle. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ character level + Key Offensive Modifier) halves the damage.
2nd Circle ­ CantoSU: Select one of the two following abilities. This choice is permanent..
»» Red Hymn: For every five points of damage dealt to an opponent by your Black Tidings, an ally of your choice within 100 ft is healed for 2 HP.
»» Grey Hymn: For every ten points of damage dealt by your Black Tidings to an opponent, any ally besides yourself of your choice within 100 ft may move 5 ft. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity.
3rd Circle ­ With A WordSU: Whenever you use your Black Tidings ability, immediately after using it, you may [Teleport] up to 15 ft in any direction.
4th Circle ­ VersoSU: Sometimes the few must suffer in the name of your own personal and completely opaque agenda. Whenever you use Black Tidings, select one opponent who failed the associated save. This opponent is [Battered] for one [Round].

Chapter V: Classes

89

5th Circle ­ RectoSU: Recto improves the ability you selected as your canto. The following text replaces your Red Hymn or Grey Hymn respectively:
»» Crimson Hymn: For every four points of damage dealt by your Black Tidings, an ally within 100 ft of your choice is healed for 2 hit points.
»» Silver Hymn: For every ten points of damage dealt by your Black Tidings, any ally besides yourself of your choice within 100 ft may move 10 ft. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity.
6th Circle ­ Bitter NewsSU: Once every two [Rounds], immediately after dealing damage with Black Tidings, you may inflict [HP reduction] equal to the damage dealt on each affected creature to each affected creature.
7th Circle ­ BindingSU: Select one of the two following abilities. This choice is permanent.
»» Glimpse of Madness: Any creature affected by your Black Tidings who fails the associated save is [Blinded] for two [Rounds].
»» Life Fades: Any creature affected by your Black Tidings who fails the associated save is [Exhausted] for the rest of the [Encounter]. This ability does not work if the target has [Immunity] to [Negative].

you may create a 15 ft radius spread originating from you, healing 1 HP per character level plus your Key Defensive Modifier to all allies within the spread. This is not a [Positive] or [Negative] effect and can only be used once per [Round].
2nd Circle ­ A Stitch In TimeSU: Time is fleeting, but you have learned how to warp it for just a second, long enough perhaps to change fate. As a standard action, you may create a 15 ft radius spread originating from you, which affects a single ally within the area, plus an additional ally within the area for every circle you possess in this track. Those affected may immediately make a single melee or ranged attack. A creature may only be affected by A Stitch in Time once per [Round].
3rd Circle ­ Stem The TideSU: Twice per [Encounter] as an immediate action, you may craft a shimmering rune of force, then bestow it on a single ally within 45 ft. You start any [Encounter] with one rune placed, and may have up to two placed at any given time. This rune serves to block half the damage that would be dealt against that ally by a single source, and then dissipates in a shudder of smoke. This effect stacks in such a way that someone with two active runes protecting them takes no damage from a single source, but cannot opt to split them across two sources of damage.

Force Of Will
1st Circle ­ Healing BurstSU: By focusing for a moment on the mechanisms of creation, you can force a bit of life back into the world. As a move action,

4th Circle ­ Steady Old HandSU: You may use A Stitch In Time as a standard action or as a swift action, and the radius of its spread is increased to 25 ft.
5th Circle ­ Shields, Brace!SU: Whenever an opponent sets off a rune from the Stem the Tide ability,

90

that opponent provokes an attack of opportunity. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates this effect.
6th Circle ­ Swift As ThoughtSU: Whenever you activate A Stitch in Time, you may also activate Healing Burst at the same time without taking another action. Healing Burst can now be activated any number of times per [Round].
7th Circle ­ The Time Is NowSU: The clock is but an illusion. Once per [Round], you may place the protective rune from your Stem the Tide ability upon yourself in response to taking damage after learning how much damage you would take. This does not count against Stem the Tide's [Encounter] limits.
Arcane Secrets
You gain the ability to manifest a particular flavor of spell-like abilities called Arcane Secrets, which are usable at will.
1st Circle ­ Hungry ShadowsSLA: As a standard action, you may create a 15 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Medium] range, dealing damage equal to your KOM and inflicting a -1 penalty to attack rolls and and Reflex and Fortitude saves to all opponents in the spread and halving the movement speed of each of those opponents for 2 [Rounds]. This is an Evocation effect.
2nd Circle ­ Space, DiscontentSLA: You gain your choice of the Lungbreaker or Stutter Step Arcane Secret (this choice is permanent).

»» Lungbreaker: As a standard action, you may create one 5 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Close] range for every 4 levels you possess (minimum one). Each spread lasts for 4 [Rounds]. Creatures on opposite sides of a spread lose line of effect to each other and are [Concealed] in respect to one another. Creatures within a spread are [Concealed] to creatures outside of it, and vice versa. Whenever a creature besides yourself begins its turn inside a spread or the first time each [Round] that a creature besides yourself enters a spread, it becomes [Nauseated] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Nauseated] condition. This is a Creation effect.
»» Stutter Step: As a standard action, you may create a 30 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Close] range, inflicting the [Slowed] condition for 1 [Round] per 5 levels you possess (minimum one [Round]) on all creatures besides yourself in the area. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Slowed] condition. This is a [Binding] Evocation effect.
3rd Circle ­ DweomertideSLA: You gain access to two Arcane Secrets, Spellbreaker and Reweave.
»» Spellbreaker: As a standard action, you may end a single target effect created by a spell or spell-like ability of a circle lower than your highest Arcane Secrets circle that has a duration and that originates from a creature or square within [Medium] range or targeted

Chapter V: Classes

91

a creature within [Medium] range. This is a [Dispelling] effect. »» Reweave: As a standard action, you may restore one effect ended by a [Dispelling] effect in the last two [Rounds] that affected a creature or object within [Medium] range.
4th Circle ­ Space, TwistedSLA: You gain access to the following Arcane Secrets:
»» Revelation: As a standard action, you may create a spread with a radius of 5 ft per circle of this track you possess originating from target square within [Close] range. This spread lasts for 2 [Rounds]. While they are within the spread, creatures are [Revealed], and if they are [Invisible], they are treated as not being [Invisible]. This is a Divination effect.
»» Dark Tendrils: As a standard action, you may use wall of thorns, as the spell.

Gravity Smash deals 35 damage to each creature in the spread. This is a [Binding] Transmutation effect.
7th Circle ­ Cascade FailureSU: For each different Arcane Secret you've activated during this [Encounter], the save DCs of all your Arcane Secrets increases by +1, to a maximum of +4. For each different Arcane Secret you've chosen when activating the Mystic Focus ability during this [Encounter], your Grim Heritor gains a +1 bonus to hit while it is charged with an Arcane Secret, to a maximum of +4.

5th Circle ­ Unbearable Lightness Of CastingEX: You may activate any Arcane Secret you know as a swift action.

6th Circle ­ Gravity SmashSLA: You are able to summon the strength of the earth itself. As a standard action, you may create a 15 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Close] range, which lasts for 2 [Rounds]. While in the spread, creatures suffer a -2 penalty to attack rolls, AC, and all physical skill checks. Whenever a creature in the spread spends an action to cast a spell, if that creature has not made a save against an ability named Gravity Smash since spending that action, that spell has no effect. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates this effect. Each [Round], at the end of your turn,

92

Shaman

8
HP/LEVEL
WIS
KOM

6
SKILLS
CHA
KDM

Level BAB Fort Ref Will 1 +0 +2 +0 +2 2 +1 +3 +1 +3 3 +2 +4 +1 +4 4 +3 +4 +2 +4 5 +3 +5 +2 +5 6 +4 +6 +3 +6 7 +5 +6 +3 +6 8 +6 +7 +4 +7 9 +6 +8 +4 +8 10 +7 +8 +5 +8 11 +8 +9 +5 +9 12 +9 +10 +6 +10 13 +9 +10 +6 +10 14 +10 +11 +7 +11 15 +11 +12 +7 +12 16 +12 +12 +8 +12 17 +12 +13 +8 +13 18 +13 +14 +9 +14 19 +14 +14 +9 +14 20 +15 +15 +10 +15

Many people never think about their relationship with the world around them, but for the shaman it is a sacred bond ­ simultaneously a way of thinking and a gateway to power over life and death, as well as potent magic. Because being a shaman is more of a world-view than it is a skillset, most shamans pursue another life parallel to their dedication to the natural world, bringing that experience into the shaman tradition. For this reason, shamans get along very well with other people, always eager to gain new insights from them.

Party Role: As a spellcaster, a shaman can tear the enemy asunder with powerful offensive magic, but the class also provides a large number of defensive and healing abilities that any party will appreciate. Many of your spells last all the way until you can prepare spells again; cast them on your allies at the start of the day, and they'll keep on giving. Shamans in Your Game: Though they make appropriate hermits or village healers, a shaman can also serve as a capable leader of men or a member of a priestly order that could be called upon to dispense either healing or divine punishment.

Chapter V: Classes

93

Table 5-7 Shaman
Track Abilities

Level
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Incantation Incantation Imbue Spell Shaman's Presence Guardian Spirits Shallow Grave Twin Incantation Stolen Moment

Shaman's Path 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Spell Circle 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Spells per [Scene] by Circle 1234567 2 ------------ 3 ------------ 3 2 ---------- 4 3 ---------- 4 3 ---------- 5 4 2 -------- 5 4 3 -------- 5 5 3 -------- 5 5 4 2 ------ 5 5 4 3 ------ 5 5 5 3 ------ 5 5 5 4 2 ---- 5 5 5 4 3 ---- 5 5 5 5 3 ---- 5 5 5 5 4 2-- 5 5 5 5 4 3-- 5 5 5 5 5 3-- 5555542 5555543 5555553

Incantation
1st Circle ­ IncantationSLA: As a standard action, you may either heal an ally or deal damage to an opponent within [Medium] range. You heal HP or deal damage equal to 2d4 plus your Key Offensive Modifier. This amount increases by 1d4 for each character level beyond 1st; for example, you heal HP or deal damage equal to 21d4 + your KOM at level 20. Dealing damage to an opponent with your Incantation requires a successful ranged attack roll (this is not considered an attack with a weapon); healing an ally does not require an attack roll.
Additionally, whenever you decide to use your Incantation, you count as having a Good Base Attack Bonus (equal to your character level) until the beginning of your next turn. This applies

to any attack rolls you make as part of that Incantation.
2nd Circle ­ Imbue SpellSLA: As a swift action, you may spend a spell slot of any circle. If you do, choose a spell you know of that circle or lower which either has a Target listing of a single creature or has a listed Incantation version (if a spell fits both criteria, you must choose the Incantation version). When you hit an opponent with an Incantation or heal an ally with an Incantation this [Round], if the chosen spell is not discharged from your Incantation, you may note the result of your attack roll for your Incantation attack (if you attacked with your Incantation), and cast the chosen spell without provoking attacks of opportunity and without offering a save as a [Surge] effect. If you do, that spell is discharged from your Incantation.

94

You must choose that opponent or ally as the target of the spell. If you would make an attack roll for an attack against a creature as part of casting the spell, compare the noted result to that creature's AC instead. If it equals or exceeds that creature's AC, that attack hits that creature. Abilities and effects other than the spell's effects that take place as the result of a hit or critical hit don't activate as a result of this hit.

7th Circle ­ Stolen MomentSU: Once per [Encounter], you may immediately activate your healing Incantation upon an ally that has just been dealt damage or afflicted with a harmful condition or effect. This does not require an action. You may activate the Imbue Spell ability as an immediate action before activating the Incantation ability in this way; the spell must be cast and discharged.

3rd Circle ­ Shaman's PresenceSU: Allies within 30 ft of you have [Fast healing] equal to your KDM.
4th Circle ­ Guardian SpiritsSU: Once per [Scene] after making a d20 roll and seeing the result, you may reroll it as an immediate action, taking the better of the two results.
5th Circle ­ Shallow GraveSU: Once per [Scene], as an immediate action, you can prevent an ally within [Close] range from dying for 1 [Round]. The ally ignores the [Dying], [Unconscious] and [Stable] conditions and has [Immunity] to the [Dead] condition for the duration of Shallow Grave, but unless the ally receives sufficient healing to raise their hit points above what would kill them, it immediately dies at the end of your turn after the effect expires. At 20th level, you can activate this ability once per [Encounter].

Shaman's Path
Shamans are a diverse lot, ranging from humble servants of nature to raving battle priests. Each shaman picks a track that fits them best, and gains a unique source of power in the process.
Pick an ability track, excluding the paladin's Judgment, the rogue's Esoterica Radica, this track, and other tracks with special requirements that you do not fulfill. That track replaces the Shaman's Path track for you.
If any circles from the chosen track would use ability score modifiers other than your KDM or your KOM to calculate an effect, you may choose to have them use your Wisdom modifier instead. You can't multiclass into or out of this track.
Spellcasting

6th Circle ­ Twin IncantationSLA: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may activate the Incantation ability twice. You may activate the Imbue Spell ability without taking an action immediately before the second Incantation is activated; the spell that may be cast as a result is not a [Surge] effect..

You cast spells drawn from the shaman spell list, detailed in Chapter XII. Your Wisdom modifier is your Spellcasting Ability Modifier (SAM) for this track. The DC for your spells is equal to 10 + ½ your character level + your Spellcasting Ability Modifier. You can only cast a certain number of spells of each spell level in a [Scene]. That number

Chapter V: Classes

95

is noted on the "Spells per [Scene] by Circle" section of the table above. You also receive bonus spells per [Scene] for having a high Spellcasting Ability Modifier.
You can only cast spells that you know. You gain an additional three spells known every time you gain a circle in this track. Any time that you level up, you can unlearn a single spell and learn a new spell of the same level. You cannot learn spells of a level you cannot cast. You may use an available spell slot of a circle to cast any spell you know of that circle or lower.
96

Tactician

8
HP/LEVEL
INT
KOM

9
SKILLS
CON
KDM

Level BAB Fort Ref Will 1 +0 +0 +2 +2 2 +1 +1 +3 +3 3 +2 +1 +4 +4 4 +3 +2 +4 +4 5 +3 +2 +5 +5 6 +4 +3 +6 +6 7 +5 +3 +6 +6 8 +6 +4 +7 +7 9 +6 +4 +8 +8 10 +7 +5 +8 +8 11 +8 +5 +9 +9 12 +9 +6 +10 +10 13 +9 +6 +10 +10 14 +10 +7 +11 +11 15 +11 +7 +12 +12 16 +12 +8 +12 +12 17 +12 +8 +13 +13 18 +13 +9 +14 +14 19 +14 +9 +14 +14 20 +15 +10 +15 +15

An organized platoon of warriors will always triumph over a rowdy band of brutes, and it is the tactician's duty to make sure that his comrades are the former rather than the latter. Tacticians rarely hold their own in a duel, but their talents lie elsewhere ­ in finding the enemy's weak point and enabling their allies to strike it as effectively as possible. To this end, tacticians train in a diverse range of skills, from powerful magic that can turn the tide of a battle to unorthodox tactics that give them and their allies an edge in combat.

Party Role: A tactician is a support character. While he may not be personally swinging a sword, his abilities greatly help the party's front-liners. Tacticians win fights through careful application of the right spell in the right place, an art much subtler than beating things to death with sticks. Tacticians in Your Game: Tacticians can be used in many leadership roles: as army officers, bandit chiefs or rebellion leaders. Their focus on magic and knowledge makes them ideal wizards or scholars. Because they are spellcasters, some uninformed people may confuse them for shamans.

Chapter V: Classes

97

Table 5-8 Tactician
Track Abilities

Level

Tactical Insight

1 Combative Precognition

2

3

4

Psychological Warfare

5

6

7 Precognitive Resistance

8

9

10

Extra Insight

11

12

13

Exploit Weakness

14

15

16

Countermeasures

17

18

19

Unspeakable Secret

20

Bag of Tricks Surgical Precision
Early Warning Bait and Switch The Enemy You Know Dweomerbreaker Saw That Coming
Checkmate

Spell Circle 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Spells per [Scene] by Circle 1234567 2 ------------ 3 ------------ 3 2 ---------- 4 3 ---------- 4 3 ---------- 5 4 2 -------- 5 4 3 -------- 5 5 3 -------- 5 5 4 2 ------ 5 5 4 3 ------ 5 5 5 3 ------ 5 5 5 4 2 ---- 5 5 5 4 3 ---- 5 5 5 5 3 ---- 5 5 5 5 4 2-- 5 5 5 5 4 3-- 5 5 5 5 5 3-- 5555542 5555543 5555553

Knowledge is the tactician's bread and butter. All tacticians train the six Knowledge skills, and choose three additional skills to train.
Tactical Insight
You spend your time reading obscure field manuals and tomes. As a result, you and your allies are well prepared for nearly any fight you face. As part of a move action, you can attempt a Knowledge skill check of the relevant type against your opponent (Arcana against an [Outsider], for example). If there are several opponents of the same creature type, the ability affects all of them; opponents covered by different Knowledge skills require different skill checks (requiring another move action). The DC of the check is equal to 10 +

the level of the highest-level opponent (minimum 11). If you succeed on the check, you and allies who can establish line of sight to you or receive your communication gain the benefits of one of the abilities that you know from the list below. You can make any number of Knowledge checks in this way per [Encounter] as long as you spend an action for each, but you cannot apply the same ability to the same creature type more than once. Hostile creatures that join an [Encounter] in progress are affected by any Knowledge check that covers their creature type. The effects of a Tactical Insight ability expire at the end of the [Encounter], with new Knowledge checks necessary the next time you encounter that opponent.
1st Circle ­ Combative PrecognitionEX: You and your allies may gain either a +3 bonus to attack rolls

98

or a +3 deflection bonus to Armor Class against opponents affected by your Knowledge check. You choose which bonus to apply when activating your Tactical Insight ability. When you gain the 3rd circle of this track, you no longer have to choose: you gain both benefits of Combative Precognition whenever you activate it.
2nd Circle ­ Psychological WarfareEX: You and your allies may gain a +2 bonus to Bluff, Diplomacy, Intimidate, and Perception checks against opponents affected by your Knowledge check.
3rd Circle ­ Precognitive ResistanceEX: You and your allies may gain a +2 bonus to saving throws against effects used or abilities activated by opponents affected by your Knowledge check.

activated for the purpose of any resource cost (such as spell slots) and the opponent's action counts as having been used.
7th Circle ­ Unspeakable SecretEX: Once per [Enco unter], as a swift action, you may divulge a secret so profound that it renders a single opponent affected by your Knowledge check [Stunned] for one [Round]. There is no save allowed, and if the opponent has [Immunity] to being [Stunned] the opponent is [Dazed] instead. If the opponent has [Immunity] to both, the ability has no effect, but you really should have known about its [Immunity] beforehand.
Bag of Tricks

4th Circle ­ Exploit WeaknessEX: You and your allies may gain a +2 bonus to the DC of any abilities you or they activate against opponents affected by your Knowledge check.
5th Circle ­ Advanced InsightsEX: Pick one of the following abilities. This choice is permanent:
»» Quick Insight: You can activate your Tactical Insight ability as a swift action.
»» Deep Insight: Choose one of your Tactical Insight circles other than this one. You increase the bonus granted by that circle by 1.
6th Circle ­ CountermeasuresEX: Once per [Encounter], as an immediate action, you may automatically cancel a spell, spell-like ability, or supernatural ability that an opponent affected by your Knowledge check attempts to activate. The ability automatically fails, but counts as having been

1st Circle ­ Surgical PrecisionEX: Once per [Encounter] per circle of Bag of Tricks you possess, as a swift action, when you create an instantaneous spread, line, or wedge, you may remove or rearrange squares from the area effect, so long as the entire area effect is a contiguous shape within the effect's range.
2nd Circle ­ Early WarningEX: You and all allies within 30 ft gain a bonus to initiative checks equal to ¼ your level (minimum 1).
3rd Circle ­ Bait and SwitchSU: Once per 4 levels per [Encounter] as a move action, you can switch the positions of two willing creatures. Both creatures must be within 10 ft per your character level of your location. You can use this ability to switch yourself with another creature. This is a [Teleport] effect.

Chapter V: Classes

99

4th Circle ­ The Enemy You KnowSU: You gain permanent arcane sight as the spell. Many tacticians use this ability to counter enemies' spells and abilities with their own.
5th Circle ­ DweomerbreakerSU: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may empower the attacks of allies within 30 ft until the beginning of your next turn. The first time each ally under this effect hits an opponent with an attack, they may end a single target effect created by a spell or spell-like ability that has a duration and that originates from the opponent or targeted the opponent. This is a [Dispelling] effect.
6th Circle ­ Saw That ComingSU: Once per [Encounter], as an immediate action, you can negate an offensive action that targets you specifically. This includes targeted spells, abilities, or attacks, but not area effects.
7th Circle ­ CheckmateSU: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can imprison an opponent within your [Close] range for the next 2 [Rounds]. The opponent is incapable of acting or perceiving its surroundings, but it gains [Immunity] to damage and [HP reduction], it cannot be targeted by an attack or ability, and line of effect is blocked between the creature and any attack, ability, or effect. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates this effect, but leaves your target [Dazed] for 1 [Round].

Spellcasting
You cast spells drawn from the tactician spell list, detailed in Chapter XII. Your Intelligence modifier is your Spellcasting Ability Modifier (SAM) for this track. The DC for your spells is equal to 10 + ½ your character level + your Spellcasting Ability Modifier. You can only cast a certain number of spells of each spell level in a [Scene]. That number is noted on the "Spells per [Scene] by Circle" section of the table above. You also receive bonus spells per [Scene] for having a high Spellcasting Ability Modifier.
You can only cast spells that you know. You gain an additional three spells known every time you gain a circle in this track. Any time that you level up, you can unlearn a single spell and learn a new spell of the same level. You cannot learn spells of a level you cannot cast. You may use an available spell slot of a circle to cast any spell you know of that circle or lower.

100

CHAPTER
VI Additional Tracks

Sometimes, being a magically empowered paladin of justice is not enough. Sometimes you want to be a magically empowered paladin of justice who is also a demon. Other times, you may want to play a vampire sage who wields the raw power of elemental fire, or a ranger who fights crime in the city streets. The tracks in this chapter are used for this purpose -- adding a specialized concept to your character, whether it be a special skill or an unusally powerful race.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

Extra Tracks
These tracks represent more specialized skills, and can be used for building adversaries and multiclassing. If you are interested in one of these tracks, remember the multiclassing rules ­ you may either swap out one of your class's three regular tracks, or take the Full Buy-in option and add the extra track to your three regular tracks, at the cost of many of the magic items a Legend character is entitled to during their career.
When using tracks in this section, be mindful of how they interact with abilities you already have. Try to make sure that abilities from your class's tracks support your extra track, or vice-versa.
101

Chirurgic Poet
There are themes that echo through time as doom-songs ­ unrealized hopes, failed attempts ­ which will drag on until the last word goes silent and the last thought drowns. They are manifest in the realm of the Dreamtime, weeping stones and silent rivers, red skies and empty battlefields, and impress themselves upon those with listening hearts. These few who hear them, chirurgic poets, cannot or will not let the Dreamtime carry on the song of despair, seeking to change the macabre anthem of reality. The poets lend their works, their ambitions, and their lives themselves, shedding the reality of their bodies at times to draw the Dreamtime's nightmarish shades into the world and redeem them with a guided purpose.
1st Circle ­ Dream of HopeSU: As a free action, if your maximum hit points are one or higher, you may suffer an amount of [HP reduction] no less than 1 and no greater than your KOM to heal a target ally within [Close] range by twice that amount. This can cause your [HP reduction] to exceed half of your maximum HP. Abilities or effects that would increase this ability's healing apply only once per target you have healed per [Round].
2nd Circle ­ The Dream EnduresSU: For every 15 points of [HP reduction] you possess, you gain a +2 deflection bonus to AC, or your existing deflection bonus from The Dream Endures increases by 2, up to a maximum bonus of half your level (minimum 2). This deflection bonus expires at the end of the [Encounter].
3rd Circle ­ The World BendsSU: Whenever you suffer [HP reduction] equal to your KOM from Dream

of Hope, you may move one creature within [Close] range up to 10 ft. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity.
4th Circle ­ The Heart BeckonsSU: Whenever you heal an ally with Dream of Hope by any amount, an intangible dream-spirit lingers to aid them, remaining until it is expended or a single attack deals more damage to the ally than that amount. The spirit has no combat statistics, but as long as it remains, that ally may expend it as a swift action, creating a spread with a radius of that ally's [Close] range originating from that ally that inflicts [Entangled] for one [Round] on all opponents within the area.
5th Circle ­ The Mind HardensSU: You have [Resistance] to your choice of either physical damage or magic damage and energy damage. You may switch your choice of [Resistance] every time Dream Endures activates. The [Resistance] remains until it is switched again.
6th Circle ­ The Soul SustainsSU: Opponents cannot score critical hits against you. Additionally, every time you score a critical hit, or an opponent would normally score a critical hit against you, you may increase the maximum HP of all allies in [Melee] range by your character level until the end of the [Encounter]. This may not increase a creature's maximum HP above twice its normal maximum.
7th Circle ­ The Skies AnswerSU: Your Dream of Hope and The World Bends abilities now affect all allies within [Close] range in addition to any enemies they would normally affect, if any.

102

Combat Alchemist
Alchemy is an ancient and noble art dedicated to revealing the underpinnings of the universe itself. You can also use it to transmute living things into corpses by throwing deadly chemicals in their face.
When you select this track, choose your highest Spellcasting Ability Modifier (SAM), or if you do not have a SAM, your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier. This becomes your Track Ability Modifier (TAM) for this track. The save DC for abilities under this track is equal to 10 + ½ your character level + your Track Ability Modifier.

time but cannot benefit from multiple uses of the same potion or poison simultaneously. A poison that has an effect when a creature is hit by the affected weapon and allows that creature to make a saving throw cannot affect a single creature more than once per [Round].
Whenever you make an attack action, you may replace any number of attacks with an equal number of cocktail throws, each targeting a square within [Close] range. These throws provoke attacks of opportunity.
Unless otherwise noted, the effects of any Brew used last until the end of the [Encounter].

1st Circle ­ Lesser BrewingEX: You have the ability to create Brews: potent but short-lived magical concoctions. These concoctions come in three varieties: potions for drinking, poisons that are applied to weapons, and cocktails for throwing into battle. At the beginning of each [Scene], you choose three Brews, plus an additional two Brews for each circle of Combat Alchemist you possess. The chosen Brews are prepared until the end of the [Scene]. At first, you can prepare only Lesser Brews, but you learn to prepare other brews at later circles.
Prepared Brews must be primed before they can be used. You can prime a prepared Brew for imminent use as a move action. Once a Brew is primed, any creature can use it: a creature can drink a potion to gain its benefit, apply a poison to its weapon to increase its potency, or pass any Brew to an ally within [Melee] range as part of a move action (including the one used to prime it). A primed Brew not used by the end of the [Encounter] is wasted. A creature or weapon, respectively, may benefit from more than one potion or poison at a

2nd Circle ­ TransformSU: Your knowledge of esoteric sciences includes the nature of things as well as the supernature of things. You begin each [Encounter] with a number of transmutation points equal to the number of Combat Alchemist circles you possess. Additionally, you gain the following abilities:
»» Exclusion Principle: As an immediate action, when an ally within [Long] range uses a spell, spell-like ability, or supernatural ability with an area of effect, you may spend one transmutation point to exclude any number of creatures from the effect.
»» Conservation of Energy: As a standard action, you may spend one transmutation point to deal damage equal to 1d10 per circle of Combat Alchemist you possess to one creature within [Medium] range and heal another creature within [Medium] range a number of hit points equal to the damage dealt. A successful Fortitude save negates this effect.
»» Assisted Entanglement: As a standard action, you may spend one transmutation point to have two target creatures within [Close] range

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

103

simultaneously [Teleport] into each other's squares. The destination squares may be occupied, but only by another target of this ability, and only if both targets leave their squares as part of this ability. A successful Reflex save negates this ability.
3rd Circle ­ Greater BrewingEX: You can now prepare Greater Brews in addition to Lesser Brews.
4th Circle ­ Relic BrewingEX: You can now prepare Relic Brews in addition to Lesser Brews and Greater Brews.
5th Circle ­ TransmuteSU: Your mastery of arcane structures continues to grow. You gain the following abilities:
»» Equivalent Exchange: As an immediate action, when an offensive action originating from a creature within your [Medium] range, or whose target is within your [Medium] range, would deal energy damage with the [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire] descriptors, you may spend two transmutation points to have that damage lose those descriptors and gain the [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire] descriptor instead.
»» Nonlocality: As a standard action, you may spend two transmutation points to move the area of any ongoing, area-affecting spell, spell-like ability, or supernatural ability within [Close] range to any other location within [Close] range to which you have line of sight and line of effect. The effect's creator may make a Will save. A successful Will save negates this ability. You cannot move an emanation centered on a creature.

»» Philosopher's Stone: As a standard action, you may spend two transmutation points to transmute the equipment of target creature in [Close] range to heavy and largely useless gold. The target is [Slowed], the target's item bonus to AC from armor is halved, the target's deflection bonus to AC from a shield is halved, and if the target is wielding a weapon other than a natural weapon, that weapon loses two weapon properties of the target's choice and the target takes a -1 penalty to attack rolls made using that weapon. These effects last until the end of the [Encounter]. The target may make a Fortitude save, a Reflex save, and a Will save. A successful Fortitude save prevents the target's item bonus to AC from armor from being halved. A successful Reflex save prevents the target's deflection bonus to AC from a shield from being halved. A successful Will save negates the loss of weapon properties and the penalty to attack rolls.
6th Circle ­ Artifact BrewingEX: You can now prepare Artifact Brews in addition to Lesser, Greater and Relic Brews. When an artifact poison or potion is applied to a creature or weapon, the duration of any artifact poison or potion already affecting the same target ends. After a creature fails its save against a particular artifact poison, it can't be affected by that poison again until the end of the [Encounter].
7th Circle ­ TranscendSU: Your mastery of the esoteric is absolute. You gain the following abilities:
»» Momentum Transfer: As an immediate action, you may spend four transmutation points to cause a creature within [Long] range to be unable to take standard actions for 1

104

[Round]. A successful Will save negates this effect. If you cause a creature using an ability that requires a standard action to use to be unable to take standard actions, that creature does not use that ability or expend any uses of that ability. »» Necromuscular Stimulation: When you die, if you have a Lifewine Brew prepared but not primed, you may spend four transmutation points to cause the Lifewine Brew to boil over into a revivifying gas. If you do so, the Lifewine is consumed, and you are reborn in a bolt of alchemical glory on your next turn with current hit points equal to half of your maximum hit points. Neuromuscular Stimulation can only be used once per [Scene]. »» Carbonization: As a standard action, you may spend four transmutation points to inflict a flesh-hardening curse on a single creature in [Close] range. The creature is [Entangled]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Entangled] condition. Each subsequent [Round], at the beginning of your turn, the creature makes an additional Fortitude save, the effects of which vary depending on its current state, as listed below: Not [Entangled] or [Slowed]: The creature be-
comes [Entangled]. A successful save negates the [Entangled] condition and ends the Carbonization ability. [Entangled]: The creature becomes [Slowed]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Slowed] condition, and removes the [Entangled] condition if it was caused by Carbonization. [Slowed]: The creature becomes [Entangled]. A successful Fortitude save negates the
Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

[Entangled] condition, and removes the [Slowed] condition if it was caused by Carbonization. Both [Entangled] and [Slowed]: The creature becomes [Petrified] for three [Rounds]. While the affected creature is [Petrified], it does not make saves against Carbonization. It still makes saves against the [Petrified] condition normally. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Petrified] condition, and removes the [Slowed] condition if it was caused by Carbonization.  This effect, and all conditions inflicted by it, end either once the target creature has been [Petrified] by it for 3 [Rounds], or at the end of the [Encounter]. »» Probability Redistribution: As a standard action, you may choose two creatures, causing an exchange of one condition or temporary magical effects from each to the other. Viable effects include spells and spell-like ability targeting that creature with a duration measured in [Rounds], an [Encounter] or a [Scene], and the following conditions: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Confused], [Cowering], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Entangled ], [Exhausted ], [Fatigued ], [Frightened], [Nauseated], [Panicked], [Paralyzed], [Petrified], [Shaken], [Sickened] or [Stunned]. If only one of your targets is under a valid effect, you only move a single valid effect from that target to the other target. Both targets must be within [Medium] range, and each can make a Will save to negate this effect. If either succeeds, Probability Redistribution fails entirely.
105

Combat Alchemist Brews
Lesser Potions Black Teardrop: This potion grants you [Darkvision] when you drink it. Ironblood Draught: This potion increases the save DCs of any one of your spell-like or supernatural abilities, or one spellcasting track, by +2 when you drink it. Liquid Courage: This potion grants you an item bonus to attack rolls and saves against [Fear] effects equal to the number of circles of Combat Alchemist possessed by the creature who primed it. Performance Enhancer: This potion grants you temporary hit points equal to 1d6 + your level when you drink it.
Lesser Poisons Rainbow Droplet: When you prime this potion, choose [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire]. Whenever an attack with a weapon affected by this poison deals damage, that attack deals 1d6 additional elemental damage with the chosen descriptor per odd-numbered circle of Combat Alchemist you possess. Firewater: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Burning] condition. Midas Touch: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Dazzled] condition for 2 [Round]. Overdose: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Sickened] condition for 1 [Round]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Sickened] condition. Pixie Dust: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may

inflict the [Revealed] condition for 3 [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Revealed] condition.
Lesser Cocktails Hazy Blur: As the spell obscuring mist. Painter's Comfort: When you prime this cocktail, choose [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire]. This cocktail creates a 20 ft radius spread of elemental energy that originates from target square. Whenever a creature moves into or begins its turn in this spread, it is dealt energy damage with the chosen descriptor equal to your level. A creature can only be dealt damage from a given Painter's Comfort cocktail once per [Round].
Greater Potions Elemental Port: When you prime this potion, choose [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire]. This potion grants you [Lesser resistance] to that energy type when you drink it. At 4th Circle, this improves to [Resistance], and at 6th Circle, it improves to [Greater resistance]. Quinhora Nervi: When you brew this potion, choose either Reflex saves or Fortitude and Will saves. This potion grants you the ability to entirely ignore an effect that would have a reduced effect on a successful save of the chosen type once per [Encounter] when you drink it. You can prime Quinhora Nervi as an immediate action, and any creature can drink it or pass it to another creature as part of an immediate action.
Greater Poisons Doomshine: When you prime this poison, choose [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire]. Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by

106

this poison, you may inflict [Vulnerability] to that energy type for 1 [Round]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Vulnerability]. The Shakes: Whenever you hit an opponent with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, if it is the first time you have hit that opponent with an attack using this weapon this [Round], you may inflict the [Shaken] condition for 2 [Rounds]. A successful Will save negates the [Shaken] condition. Hypersensitivity: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict a -2 penalty to the target's saves for 1 [Round ].
Greater Cocktails Cavorite Serum: This cocktail unleashes an explosion of luminescent shrapnel that creates a 30 ft radius spread originating from target square. Creatures caught in this spread gain [Flying] and the Fly movement mode. Formula 624: This cocktail creates a 50 ft radius spread originating from target square. Each opponent within the area is dealt damage equal to the highest Combat Alchemist circle you possess each time it is affected by any spell, spell-like ability, or supernatural ability.
Relic Potions Taurus Cardinalis: This potion grants you the Fly movement mode when you drink it. Unlike most Brews, this effect lasts for the remainder of the [Scene]. Hypotonic Sap: This potion grants you the Swim movement mode when you drink it. Unlike most Brews, this effect lasts for the remainder of the [Scene].

Disappearing Drought: This potion makes you [Invisible] for 2 [Rounds] when you drink it.
Relic Poisons Black Blood: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Battered] condition for 1 [Round]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Battered] condition. Doublevision: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Nauseated] condition for 1 [Round]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Nauseated] condition. A creature that fails this save can't be affected by a Doublevision poison again for the rest of the [Encounter]. Bad Trip: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Frightened] condition for 1 [Round]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Frightened] condition. A creature that fails this save can't be affected by a Bad Trip poison again for the rest of the [Encounter].
Relic Cocktails Well Aged: The cocktail creates a swirling spread of raw potential energy with a radius of 5 ft + 5 ft per 5 levels you possess originating from target square. Abilities, conditions and effects within that radius that have their durations measured in [Rounds] have those durations increased by 1 [Round]. (This increases the duration of any effect whose space includes one or more squares within this radius.)This does not affect the [Dazed], [Stunned], [Paralyzed], or [Petrified] conditions.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

107

Artifact Potions Déjà Vu: This potion grants you another use of any one ability that can only be used a limited number of times per [Scene], or one additional spell slot of any circle when you drink it. If the ability was originally usable only once per [Scene], it can now be used twice per [Scene], but cannot be used more than once per [Encounter]. Any one ability or spell circle can only benefit from a Déjà Vu potion once per [Scene].
Artifact Poisons Knockout Juice: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Dazed] condition for 1 [Round]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Dazed] condition. Liquid Terror: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Panicked] condition for 1 [Round]. A successful Will save negates the [Panicked] condition. Zopiclone: Whenever you hit with an attack using a weapon affected by this poison, you may inflict the [Confused] condition for 2 [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Confused] condition.
Artifact Cocktails Lifewine: This cocktail revives a single [Dead] or [Unconscious] creature in the affected square with current hit points equal to half of its maximum hit points. A given creature can only be affected by a Lifewine cocktail once per [Scene].

Elementalist
When you select this track, choose the [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire] descriptor. All abilities from this track carry that descriptor. All damage dealt by abilities from this track is energy damage with the chosen descriptor.
When you select this track, choose your highest Spellcasting Ability Modifier (SAM), or if you do not have a SAM, your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier. This becomes your Track Ability Modifier (TAM) for this track. The save DC for abilities under this track is equal to 10 + ½ your character level + your Track Ability Modifier.
Unless otherwise stated, all abilities under this track are spell-like abilities that can be activated once per [Encounter], as a standard action. If there are multiple options under any circle, you must choose between the options when you gain that circle. This choice is permanent.
1st Circle ­ Elemental BurstSLA: You can summon bursts of elemental energy. At will, you may deal elemental damage equal to 1d6 per level you possess plus your TAM to each creature in target square within [Close] range. A successful save halves the damage. The save required is Reflex if you channel [Electricity] or [Fire], or Fortitude if you channel [Acid] or [Cold].
At 4th circle, you can activate this ability as a swift action once per [Round], in addition to activating it as a standard action.
In addition, whenever one of your abilities affects a creature with [Immunity] to your chosen element's descriptor, you may choose to treat their [Immunity] as if it were [Greater resistance] to that effect's damage.

108

2nd Circle ­ Elemental Finesse: Pick one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Forced VulnerabilitySLA: You can hurl a bolt of energy at an opponent in [Medium] range, leaving it vulnerable to further attacks. This bolt deals 1d6 elemental damage per level to that opponent, and inflicts [Vulnerability] to your element of choice on the opponent until the end of your next turn. A successful Reflex save halves the damage and negates the [Vulnerability] condition.
»» Elemental ResistanceEX: You gain [Resistance] to your chosen element. When you gain your 6th circle of Elementalist, you gain [Immunity] to your chosen element.
3rd Circle ­ Shape the ElementsSLA: The first time each [Round] that a creature makes a save against one of your Elementalist abilities, if it fails, it is affected as follows:
»» Acid: [Sickened] for two [Rounds]. »» Cold: [Slowed] for one [Round]. »» Electricity: [Entangled] for two [Rounds]. »» Fire: [Blinded] for two [Rounds] and begin
[Burning]. In addition, choose one of the following abilities. This choice is permanent.
»» Elemental Ball: You can fire baseball-sized bits of energy...that explode! You may create a 20 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Long] range, dealing 1d6 elemental damage per level to all creatures in the area and pushing each of them them to the closest square outside of the spread that is unoccupied by an obstacle. A successful Reflex save halves the damage and negates the pushing effect.

»» Elemental Bolt: You may create a line with a length of [Medium] range originating from you, which deals 2d4 elemental damage per level you possess to all creatures caught in its area, and knocks those creatures [Prone]. A successful Reflex save halves the damage and negates the [Prone] condition.
»» Elemental Wave: You may create a wedge with a length of 15 ft plus 5 ft per character level you possess originating from you that deals 1d6 elemental damage per character level you possess to all creatures in its area, and pushes them up to 5 ft per level, up to the outside edge of the wedge. A successful Reflex save halves the damage and negates the pushing effect.
4th Circle ­ Elemental ProtectionSLA: Pick one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Elemental Wall: If there would be no creature occupying a square in the resulting area, you may create a line with a length of 10 ft per level originating from target square within [Medium] range, which lasts for the remainder of the [Encounter]. Whenever a creature begins its turn on square in the line or the first time each [Round] that a creature enters a square in the line, it is dealt 2 points of elemental damage per level you possess and gains the condition corresponding to your chosen element, as detailed below. Acid: [Sickened] for 2 [Rounds]. Cold: [Slowed] for 1 [Round]. Electricity: [Entangled] for 2 [Rounds]. Fire: [Blinded] for 2 [Rounds] and begin [Burning].

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

109

»» Elemental Shield: You gain the ability to shield a creature with your chosen element. Once per [Encounter], as a move action, you may grant protection to all allies within [Close] range. The first time each [Round] that an opponent hits a creature protected by this ability with a melee attack, that opponent takes 1 point of elemental damage per level you possess. The protection granted by this effect lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
5th Circle ­ Elemental StrikeSLA: You gain one of the following abilities, depending on your element:
»» Evoker's Fearsome Wrath: If you channel [Fire] or [Electricity], you may create one 5 ft radius spread per 2 levels, each originating from a target square within [Medium] range. Each spread deals 1d6 elemental damage per level to creatures in its radius. A successful Reflex save halves the damage. The spreads cannot overlap.
»» Conjurer's Insidious Doom: If you chose [Acid] or [Cold] for this track, you may create a 45 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Medium] range, which blocks line of sight, but is penetrated by [Darkvision], [Tremorsense], and [Ghostwise sight]. Each creature in the spread is dealt elemental damage equal to your level and suffers a -10 ft penalty to its movement speed until the spread disappears, reducing its movement speed to a minimum of 5 ft. At the beginning of your next turn, each creature in the spread or that has been dealt damage from this ability is dealt elemental damage equal to twice your level; and each creature in the area suffers the following penalties

until the spread disappears: a -20 ft penalty to its movement speed, to a minimum of 0 ft, and a -2 penalty on all attack rolls.  On your following turn, each creature in the spread or that has been dealt damage from this ability takes elemental damage equal to three times your level; and each creature in the spread suffers the following penalties until the spread disappears: a -30 ft penalty to its movement speed, to a minimum of 0 ft, a -4 penalty on all attack rolls, and a -2 penalty on all saving throws. (Remember that penalties from the same ability do not stack.)  On your following turn, the spread disappears.
6th Circle ­ Elemental MasteryEX: Whenever you deal damage with your chosen element, any [Resistance] to that element is halved for the purpose of calculating your damage.
7th Circle ­ Elemental RiftSU: You may create four 50 ft spreads each originating from target square(s) within [Medium] range, each of which lasts for the rest of the [Encounter] and deals 1d6 elemental damage per level you possess to creatures within its area when it is created and at the beginning of your turn each [Round]. A successful Reflex halves the damage. A given spread may overlap another one so long as they do not cover the exact same squares, but a given creature may only be dealt damage by these spreads up to 3 times per [Round].

110

Elementals
Creatures infused with one of the classical elements, either through a bloodline, exposure to strange magic or some other means, are transformed by that influence and granted a measure of power over the element. While the transformation is not a drastic enough change to make them count as a different race, these individuals nevertheless possess a drastically altered appearance to match their array of elemental abilities.
Characters with these tracks have the [Primordial] creature type in addition to any other types they may have.
Air Elemental
Creatures with a connection to the element of Air tend to rush into things, but that does not mean they are unprepared! Their vast array of elemental abilities gives them more than enough power to toss aside anyone foolish enough to stand in their way.
1st Circle ­ GustSLA: As either a standard action, or once per [Round] in place of a single attack in an attack action, you may unleash a small but powerful burst of wind against target creature within [Medium] range. The gust deals damage equal to your level plus your KOM, and reduces movement speed by 5 ft. This penalty stacks to a maximum of 5 ft + 5 ft per circle of Air Elemental you possess, and lasts for one [Round] per circle of Air Elemental you possess.
When you activate Gust by sacrificing an attack in an attack action (but not when you activate it as any other action), you may sacrifice additional attacks, up to a maximum of 1 per 5 levels you

possess, to increase damage dealt through that activation of Gust by your Key Offensive Modifier and its movement speed penalty by 5 ft for every attack you give up.
2nd Circle ­ PressureSU: Pressing down on you, pushing down on them... As a free action, if you do not already have an active pressure spread, you may create a pressure spread with a radius of your [Melee] range originating from you that lasts and remains active until it is dismissed. The pressure spread moves with you and deals damage equal to your KOM to opponents within its area at the end of your turn, and removes any Stealth check results they may have. You cannot benefit from Stealth skill checks while you have an active pressure spread. As a free action, you may dismiss the pressure spread.
3rd Circle ­ FlyEX: You gain the Fly movement mode.
4th Circle ­ WindstormSU: Whenever you use your Gust ability, you may target all opponents within [Close] range instead of a single creature within [Medium] range. In addition, once per [Round], you can activate your Gust ability as a move action.
5th Circle ­ Vacuum WaveSU: Twice per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may move up to your movement speed. You may move through occupied squares and do not provoke attacks of opportunity at any point during this movement. Opponents in squares through which you move lose their next swift action.
6th Circle ­ Ominous WindSU: Once per [Encounter], when you use your Gust ability, all opponents

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

111

damaged by that ability are [Battered] for 3 [Rounds] and are [Blown away].

attack roll. In addition, you may choose to ignore any effect that would grant you [Flying].

7th Circle ­ HurricaneSU: Whenever you activate your Gust ability, you may target all opponents within [Medium] range.
Earth Elemental
Creatures linked to the element of Earth wield a great power, for the very ground on which they stand is their greatest weapon. They prefer to consider their options carefully before acting, and their adversaries should likewise think twice before engaging an Earth Elemental in battle.
1st Circle ­ EarthspikeSU: The ground heeds your call, biting into nearby enemies. Once per [Round], as move action, you may create a 5 ft radius spread originating from you, dealing damage equal to your character level plus your KOM to opponents within the area as a [Ground] effect. The radius increases to 10 ft at 5th level, and to your [Close] range at 10th level.
2nd Circle ­ Earth AffinityEX: You gain [Damage reduction] equal to your Constitution modifier (minimum 1). In addition, moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost you extra movement.
3rd Circle ­ Earthen PullSU: As a standard action, you may deal damage equal to twice your character level plus your KOM to target opponent within [Medium] range, and cause the opponent to lose the [Flying] condition, the Fly movement mode, and any further access the opponent may gain to that movement mode until the end of the [Encounter]. This requires a successful ranged

4th Circle ­ Core Principles: Pick one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Digger's InstinctsEX: You dive into the earth, and it parts way like water. You gain the Burrow movement mode. Additionally, you gain [Tremorsense] out to 25 ft, or if you already possess [Tremorsense], you increase its range by 25 ft.
»» Mass DriverSU: A sudden, momentary rearrangement of gravitational fields hits your foe as hard as any hammer. You may make melee attacks at [Close] range. You may make melee attacks against [Flying] creatures when you are not [Flying], and if you hit a [Flying] creature with a melee attack, you may cause it to lose the [Flying] condition (but not the Fly movement mode).
5th Circle ­ Striking GraniteSU: Once per [Round ], when you hit an opponent with a melee attack, you may immediately perform the Bull Rush combat maneuver against that opponent. You do not need to be adjacent to this opponent or move with them and you can continue to push the opponent without moving. In addition, the opponent is knocked [Prone] at the end of the movement and loses the [Flying] condition if they possess it.
6th Circle ­ Gravity WellSU: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you that pulls all opponents in its area to squares adjacent to you, or as close as possible to adjacent in the event that all adjacent squares are occupied.

112

If you do so, you may then create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you, dealing damage equal to your character level plus your KOM to opponents not adjacent to you within the area as a [Ground] effect and dealing damage equal to twice your character level to opponents adjacent to you as a [Ground] effect.

2nd Circle ­ Persistent InfernoSU: At the beginning of your turn, you are healed one hit point per circle of Fire Elemental you possess for each creature [Burning] within [Close] range, up an amount of HP equal to twice your level.
Additionally, you may activate Flame Kiss as a move action.

7th Circle ­ Superior EarthspikeEX: Earthspike can now be activated as a swift action.
Fire Elemental
A creature in tune with the element of Fire can bask and flourish in conditions that few others can barely survive. Hard to pin down and even harder to take out, a Fire Elemental is a dangerous foe and a valuable, if somewhat volatile, ally.
The abilities of the Fire Elemental track cannot inflict the [Burning] condition on creatures with the Fire Elemental track.
1st Circle ­ Flame KissSU: As a standard action, you may deal energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor equal to your Key Offensive Modifier to target opponent within [Medium] range, and cause the opponent to begin [Burning].
Additionally, If you would take energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor, you are instead healed for half the damage you would have taken. This counts as a form of [Immunity], so you take damage as normal and are not healed by any effects that specifically ignore [Immunity] to [Fire]. Any [Resistance] or [Vulnerability] you have against the [Fire] descriptor is ignored if you would be healed by that damage with the [Fire] descriptor.

3rd Circle ­ Fire's EmbraceSU: Flame Kiss now heals you for all the damage you would have taken instead of half the damage.
Additionally, you may use Flame Kiss as part of another move action, or instead spend a single move action to hurl two separate Flame Kiss fireballs at two different targets.
4th Circle ­ FirewalkerEX: [Burning] opponents within your [Melee] range cannot extinguish the flames as a move action.
Furthermore, once per move action you take, you may transport yourself adjacent to any creature within [Close] range that is [Burning]. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity, and is not a [Teleport] effect.
5th Circle ­ Unbearable RadianceSU: At will, as a swift action, if you do not already have a heat spread, you may create a heat spread with a radius of your [Melee] range originating from you that moves with you and lasts until it is dismissed as an immediate action. Opponents you who begin their turn in this spread are dealt energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor equal to your character level, inflicted with [Burning], and rendered [Fatigued] until the [Burning] condition is removed. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

113

your level + your KOM) negates the damage and the [Fatigued] condition.
6th Circle ­ Sudden InfernoSU: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can raise an inferno from nothing, creating a Blaze marker in each of up to seven different target squares within [Medium] range, which last until the end of the [Encounter]. You can establish line of sight as though you occupied any square with a Blaze marker that you created in it. As long as you occupy a square with a Blaze marker that you created in it, you may enter any square with a Blaze marker that you created in it as though it were adjacent to any square you occupy with a Blaze marker you created in it and as though you had line of effect to it. A Blaze marker has no HP or AC, does not impede sight or movement, and cannot be attacked or targeted.
At the end of each opponent's turn, if that opponent is within 15 ft of a square with a Blaze marker you created in it, Sudden Inferno deals energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor equal to your character level plus your Key Offensive Modifier to that opponent and inflicts the [Burning] condition on that opponent.
7th Circle ­ SiroccoSU: Your passing causes the air itself to ignite, choking the battlefield in a wake of cinders and devastating heat. Whenever you enter or exit a square, except as the result of a [Teleport] effect, you may create an Ember marker with no game statistics in that square that lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
Whenever you enter a square with an Blaze marker that you created in it from another square with an Blaze marker that you created in it, you may create an Ember token with no game

statistics in each square that a straight line between those squares crosses that lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
For each creature, the first seven times each [Round] that creature begins its turn in or enters a square with one or more Ember markers created by this ability in it, Sirocco deals energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor equal to your character level to that creature and inflicts the [Burning] condition on that creature.
Water Elemental
A Water Elemental creature is a slippery fighter that's tough to pin down. Water Elementals win fights through attrition, battering their opponents about while avoiding retaliation.
1st Circle ­ Agile SeaEX: You may take an additional 5 ft step each [Round], and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost you extra movement. In addition, you gain the Swim movement mode.
2nd Circle ­ Hungry OceanSU: Once per [Round], when you take an offensive action that deals damage, you may inflict [HP reduction] equal to twice your character level to a single opponent that would be dealt damage by that offensive action before that damage is dealt. You then heal HP equal to half the [HP reduction] inflicted by this ability.
3rd Circle ­ Mist AuraSU: You can wrap yourself in veils of mist. As a swift or move action, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Melee] range originating from you that lasts for one [Round]. This spread moves with you. Allies are [Concealed] while within this spread.

114

4th circle ­ Viscous: You gain the following abilities: »» SurfingEX: You embody the crashing waves of the ocean. Once per [Round] when you activate Mist Aura during your turn, you may move to any unoccupied square within your [Close] range. This movement does not provoke an attack of opportunity, and ignores all obstacles. »» Tidal WaveSU: You can transform into a wave of water. As a standard action, you may create a 60 ft wedge originating from you, dealing 1d8 energy damage with the [Cold] descriptor per character level you possess to creatures in the area, and rendering them [Knocked down]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10+½ your level + your KOM) halves the damage and negates the [Knocked down] condition. You may then move to any unoccupied square within the wedge.
5th Circle ­ Thickening MistSU: Squares within your spread from your Mist Aura ability are treated as difficult terrain for opponents. [Flying], [Swimming], and [Burrowing] opponents in these squares treat this difficult terrain as if they did not have those conditions.

An opponent who begins their turn in a square within a vortex spread gains [Immunity] to [Teleport] effects for one [Round] and is moved up to 30 ft toward the center of the spread (if this opponent began its turn in a square within both vortex spreads, you may choose to which vortex spread center that opponent is moved). A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your character level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates this effect.
7th Circle ­ Frozen AbyssSU: The spread created from your Mist Aura ability now has a radius of your [Close] range, and may be created as a free action.
Knight
Skilled swordfighters, accomplished riders and excellent jousters, Knights are the go-to men when a monster needs slaying, or a war needs fighting. While traditionally Knights are considered honorable and just, plenty of less-than-scrupulous individuals use that image to take advantage of unsuspecting victims.
Acquiring the Knight track changes your KOM to Strength unless Strength is already your KDM.

6th circle ­ MaelstromSU: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may create two 60 ft radius vortex spreads originating from target square(s) within [Medium] range, which last for the rest of the [Encounter] and whose squares are considered difficult terrain for all creatures except yourself. As a move action, you may move from one square within one vortex spread to an unoccupied square in the other vortex spread without provoking attacks of opportunity.

1st Circle ­ Deadly BladesEX: If an opponent fails a save against a combat maneuver you perform that deals damage, or you hit with an attack from a combat maneuver that does not require a save, that combat maneuver deals additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor equal to your KOM plus your character level. This damage is not applied to normal attacks made while using Power Attack, Precise Strike, or Deadly Aim. This

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

115

damage never stacks with itself. For instance, if a single attack is both a Trip and a Charge due to some special ability, it only applies once.
2nd Circle ­ Valiant ChallengeEX: Creatures in your [Melee] range must target you if able when making melee attacks. The first instance of this ability to apply against a given creature overrides subsequent instances, so the first Knight to arrive is the mandatory target until he leaves, even if a second Knight also engages the same foe at a later time.

within your [Melee] range and make a [Bonus attack]. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity. After you make this [Bonus attack], you may continue your Charge in a straight line from your current location.
7th Circle ­ New And OldEX: You may use any combat maneuver other than Charge in place of an attack of opportunity. Additionally, you may now activate Interrupt twice per [Encounter].

[Steadied] is a condition granted by the Knight's
Indefatigable ability. It has no
inherent effect, but represents the Knight's defensive stance.

3rd Circle ­ IndefatigableEX: As a move action, you may become [Steadied] for one [Round]. While [Steadied], you may make one additional attack of opportunity each [Round], and whenever you make an attack of opportunity, you may place yourself anywhere inside your [Melee] range. This does not trigger attacks of opportunity, as it is not movement.
4th Circle ­ As The Six HundredEX: You may Charge twice as a standard action: make a Charge, and then make a second Charge immediately afterwards. The penalties and bonuses of these Charges do not stack.

5th Circle ­ InterruptEX: While [Steadied], once per [Encounter], you may negate any one ability activated or one spell cast within your [Melee] range as an immediate action. You may also activate this ability against ongoing effects such as [Fast healing]. They are negated for one [Round], which still counts against their duration.

6th Circle ­ On HeroesEX: As part of a Charge, at any point in the Charge, you may move anywhere

Mechanist Savant
What is life like for someone who works with runes, tiny bits of clockwork, and a paintbrush until four AM? How does it change when a rampaging barbarian rolls into their workshop, calms down, demands tea and painting lessons, and then whisks her off on a life of adventure?
When you select this track, choose your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier. This becomes your Track Ability Modifier (TAM) for this track.
1st Circle ­ Front-Line AssemblageSU: You have a makeshift defense network called the Assemblage. You are surrounded by a spread with a radius of 10 ft per character level you possess that moves with you called the Hub. The area of your Assemblage includes each square within this spread and/or one or more active Generator spreads you have.
The Assemblage begins each [Encounter] with a number of scrap points equal to three times your Track Ability Modifier for this track. As long as the Assemblage has 1 or more scrap points, whenever an ally within its area or the area of an

116

Assemblage of one of your allies who is present in the [Encounter] takes damage, if that ally has not had damage be dealt to another Assemblage this [Round], it may have an amount of that damage less than or equal to the number of scrap points the Assemblage has be dealt to the Assemblage instead. Whenever the Assemblage is dealt damage, it loses 1 scrap point for each damage dealt. At the end of each [Encounter], the Assemblage loses all scrap points.
2nd Circle ­ The Littlest AutomatonsSU: You gain the ability to extend and repair your Assemblage by summoning tiny automatons. You begin each [Encounter] with a number of automatons equal to one plus one sixth your character level. As part of a move action, if you have at least one automaton, you may expend an automaton. If you do, you may create a spread you can manufacture originating from target square within [Medium] range, which lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
You can now manufacture a 10 ft radius Generator spread. Each Generator spread you have is active as long as the square it originates from is within the area of your Hub or the area of a Hub of any creature to whom you are an ally and who is present in the [Encounter]. Each Hunger spread you create is active as long as the square it originates from is within the area of your Assemblage or the area of an Assemblage of any creature to whom you are an ally and who is present in the [Encounter].
At the end of your turn, for each active Generator spread you have, your Assemblage gains a number of scrap points equal to your TAM plus the number of other active Generator spreads you have. As a free action, you may end

one Generator or Hunger spread you have. If you do, you gain one automaton.
3rd Circle ­ Trust in SteamSU: Your automatons grant you a mechanical detection network. You gain [Tremorsense] out to each square within your Assemblage.
4th Circle ­ The Consuming SparkSU: Your automatons take on a more sinister design. As a swift action, if you have at least one automaton, you may expend an automaton. If you do, you may create a spread you can manufacture originating from target square within [Medium] range, which lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
You can now manufacture a 35 ft radius Hunger spread. At the end of your turn, each active Hunger spread you created deals damage equal to twice your TAM to each opponent within its area. If one or more opponents were dealt damage this way, your Assemblage gains a number of scrap points equal to your TAM.
5th Circle ­ Giants in IronSU: As an immediate action, any ally within your Assemblage can choose an active Generator or Hunger spread you created. If that ally does, that ally may create a 45 ft radius Decimation spread originating from target square of that ally's choice within your [Medium] range of the square from which the chosen spread originates, then you end the chosen spread and gain one automaton.
Whenever an ally creates a Decimation spread, if that spread did not end, that spread deals damage to each opponent within its area equal to your character level. For each opponent in that spread, as a [Dispelling] effect, the ally that created it

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

117

ends up to one effect of that its choice created by a spell or spell-like ability that has a duration and that originates from that opponent or targeted that opponent. End that spread. (You are your own ally.)
6th Circle ­ Scrapheap HeroSU: Your armor is augmented with strange devices of your own crafting. Your armor's item bonus to AC is increased by 2. At the beginning of each [Encounter], you may create a spread you can manufacture originating from yourself that moves with you and lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
Once per [Round], as an immediate action, you may create a 45 ft radius Decimation spread originating from target square within [Medium] range.
7th Circle ­ To Bend SteelSU: Kneel before the power of metal! At the end of your turn, for each active Generator spread you have, your Assemblage gains four scrap points. Whenever an opponent exits a Hunger spread you created, that spread deals damage equal to twice your TAM to that opponent. If an opponent was dealt damage this way, your Assemblage gains a number of scrap points equal to your TAM.
At the beginning of your turn, you may end any number of Hunger spreads you have that do not move with you. For each spread you end this way, choose a target square within a distance equal to your movement speed of the square from which that spread originates. You create a Hunger spread originating from the chosen square.
As an immediate action, any ally within your Assemblage can choose two active Generator or Hunger spreads you created. If that ally does, that ally may create two 45 ft radius Decimation

spreads each originating from a target square of that ally's choice within your [Medium] range of the square from which a different one of the chosen spreads originates, then you end the chosen spreads and gain two automatons.
Once per [Round], as an immediate action, you may create two 45 ft radius Decimation spreads each originating from a target square within [Medium] range.
Necromancer
You zap people with dark energies and listen to depressing music. Life sucks, then you get reanimated as a zombie and forget it ever happened. When you select this track, choose your highest Spellcasting Ability Modifier (SAM), or if you do not have a SAM, your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier. This becomes your Track Ability Modifier (TAM) for this track. The save DC for abilities under this track is equal to 10 + ½ your character level + your Track Ability Modifier. Unless otherwise noted, all abilities of this track are spell-like abilities and activated via a standard action.
Optional Rule ­ Speak with Dead: Once per [Scene], you can grant the semblance of life and intellect to a corpse for half an hour, allowing it to answer several questions that you put to it. You may ask one question per two levels you possess. Unasked questions are wasted if the duration expires. The corpse is compelled to answer each question truthfully, although the corpse's knowledge is limited to what the creature knew during life, including the languages it spoke (if any), and the creature is only compelled to answer the explicit

118

question asked. Furthermore, you can only interrogate a corpse that is reasonably intact (at least head and throat) and cannot interrogate a corpse that has been subject to Speak With Dead in the previous week. If the corpse is already animated, such as an [Undead] creature, you cannot interrogate it with this ability.
1st Circle ­ Apprentice of DarknessSLA: You can choose to damage [Undead] creatures with [Negative] effects as if they were not [Undead], and whenever one of your abilities would affect a creature with [Immunity] to [Negative] effects, you may choose to treat their [Immunity] as if it were [Greater resistance] to damage with the [Negative] descriptor.
Additionally, choose one of the following abilities. This choice is permanent. When you gain your 4th Circle of the Necromancer track, you can activate your chosen ability as part of a standard action to activate any spell-like ability from the Necromancer track (including your chosen ability).
»» Cause Fear: As a move action, you may force an opponent within [Close] range to become [Shaken] for 2 [Rounds]. A successful Will save negates the [Shaken] condition. This is a [Fear], [Mind-affecting] ability.
»» Chill Touch: You may deal damage equal to 1d4 per level you posses plus your KOM to an opponent within [Melee] range. This does not provoke attacks of opportunity, but it requires a successful melee attack roll. This is a [Negative] ability.
2nd Circle ­ Whispers of the AfterlifeSLA: Choose one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):

»» False Life: As a swift action, you can give yourself 1 temporary HP per level. These temporary HP disappear at the end of the [Scene].
»» Crippling Aura: You can summon the negative energy that courses through the world to wrack enemies around you with pain and limit their mobility. Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you that moves with you and lasts until the end of the [Encounter]. Whenever an opponent ends its turn in a square within the spread, it takes a -10 ft penalty to its move speed on its next turn. This is a [Negative] ability.
3rd Circle ­ Blight From the BeyondSLA: Pick one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Vampiric Touch: Once per [Encounter], you may deal damage equal to 1d8 per level you possess to an opponent within [Melee] range. This does not provoke attacks of opportunity, but it requires a successful melee attack roll. You heal HP equal to half of the damage dealt, and if this would heal you above your maximum HP, you add any excess healing as temporary HP that last until the end of the [Encounter]. This is a [Negative] ability.
»» Blindness: As a standard action, you may cause target creature within [Close] range to become [Blinded] for 2 [Rounds].
4th Circle ­ Ebb and FlowSLA: Choose one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Enervation: Once per [Encounter], you may inflict the [Energy drained] condition 1d4 times on an opponent within [Medium]

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

119

range. This requires a successful ranged attack roll. This is a [Negative] ability. »» Enervating Strike: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you can empower your melee attacks with negative energy; each time you hit an opponent with a melee attack this [Round], you inflict [Energy drained] on the hit opponent. This is a [Negative] ability. »» Protection from Death: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may grant a single target within [Close] range [Immunity] to [Death] effects and all conditions and non-damaging effects inflicted by abilities with the [Negative] descriptor, and [Greater resistance] to all damage dealt by abilities with the [Negative] descriptor. This effect lasts for the [Encounter].
5th Circle ­ Dread LordSLA: Choose one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Slay Living: Once per [Encounter], you can do 6 damage per level to a target within [Close] range and apply the [Battered] condition to that target. A successful Fortitude save halves the damage and prevents the damage from reducing the target below 1 hit point. This is a [Negative], [Death] ability.
»» Retributive Armor: Once per [Encounter] as a move action, you can call up clouds of negative energy that surround your person and lash out at your foes. For the remainder of the [Encounter], the first time each [Round] that each opponent within [Close] range hits you with an attack, that opponent is [Shaken] for 1 [Round] and dealt 1 point of damage per level. This is a [Negative] ability.

6th Circle ­ Wave of TerrorSLA: You can release a huge wave of negative energy. Once per [Encounter], you may create a wedge with a length of 5 ft per level you possess originating from you, which deals 1d6 damage per level you possess and inflicts the [Exhausted] and [Frightened] conditions to all opponents in its area. A successful Fortitude save leaves the opponents [Fatigued] and [Shaken] instead of [Exhausted] and [Frightened]. This is a [Negative], [Fear], [Mind-affecting] ability.
7th Circle ­ Wail of the BansheeSLA: You can release a horrible shriek, rending the air and destroying your enemies completely. Once per [Encounter], you may create a spread with a radius equal to your [Medium] range originating from you, dealing 6 damage per level and applying the [Battered] condition to all opponents within [Medium] range. A successful Fortitude save halves the damage. This is a [Negative], [Death] ability.
Runesong Scholar
Names are power, but few know how to use that to their advantage. By studying the language of the universe, you have gained control over the magic of names, and can bend reality to your will through those words alone.
When you select this track, choose your highest Spellcasting Ability Modifier (SAM), or if you do not have a SAM, your Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma modifier. This becomes your Track Ability Modifier (TAM) for this track. The save DC for abilities under this track is equal to 10 + ½ your character level + your Track Ability Modifier.

120

1st Circle ­ SemanticsSU: You gain access to the following abilities, which may be activated as a swift action, at will:
»» Know Truenames: You have learned how to glean the true name of another, even if they do not know it themselves. At will, you may force a creature within [Close] range to surrender the knowledge of its true name. A successful Will save negates this effect, and gives the creature [Immunity] to this ability for the remainder of the [Scene].
»» Heed My Words: You can speak a true name to make its owner painfully aware of your words. The creature hears the next sentence you speak regardless of distance, and if it is within [Extreme] range it is [Shaken] for 1 [Round] at your option. It is a [Fear], [Mind-affecting] ability if you choose to make your target [Shaken].
2nd Circle ­ Trace the LinesSU: You gain access to the following abilities, which may be activated as a swift action, at will:
»» Affirmation of Existence: You can speak a creature's true name to reveal its location. This makes you and your allies aware of the creature's cardinal direction if it is within [Extreme] range, or precise location if within [Medium] range, and this causes the creature to be [Revealed] for one [Round]. You do not need line of sight or effect to the creature to activate this ability.
»» Denial of Existence: You may intentionally mangle one true name you know. If the true name's owner is within [Medium] range, he

takes damage equal to twice your key ability modifier for this track. 3rd Circle ­ Will of the ElementsSU: You gain access to the following abilities: »» Song Shield: Through practice in the tongue from which all things were formed, you gain an unspoken bond with the base elements. At the beginning of your turn, you gain a Song Shield that grants [Lesser resistance] against the next source of energy damage you suffer. Song Shields accumulate during an [Encounter] and stack with one another, but each time you are dealt energy damage, a single Song Shield dissipates. All Song Shields dissipate at the end of each [Encounter]. »» Moniker: You may not know the true name of every blade of grass, but you can craft temporary "nicknames" for them. Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may give a Moniker to one creature per level you possess within [Close] range. The Moniker expires at the end of the [Encounter]. A Moniker can be used in the place of a proper true name.
4th Circle ­ The Earth CallsSU: You can send the earth up to meet someone, like a particularly ungentlemanly caller. At will, you may cause a creature within [Close] range whose true name you know to take damage equal to your character level and be [Slowed] for two [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Slowed] condition. You cannot choose the same target for The Earth Calls more than once per [Encounter].
You do not need line of sight or effect to the creature to activate this ability.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

121

[Oathsworn] 5th Circle ­ Unbreakable OathSU: The first time each and [Ethereal] [Encounter] that a given creature is targeted are conditions by one of your Runesong Abilities that is not
inflicted by Know Truenames or Moniker, that creature bethe Runesong comes [Oathsworn] to you for the rest of the Scholar's abili- [Encounter]. While the creature is [Oathsworn] ties. They have to you, if it would take an offensive action that
no inherent targets you, that action is not taken. A successful effects. Will save allows the creature to take the action; an unsuccessful Will save renders the creature no longer [Oathsworn] to you.

True Mage
If you cast spells, all DCs are based off of your primary spellcasting ability. Otherwise, you can pick a mental ability to be your Key Ability Modifier (KAM) for this track.
Abilities in this track may refer to "discharging" an ability. When this happens, the passive benefit ends and you gain the active benefit at that point. If no duration is given on the active benefit, it lasts one [Round].

6th Circle ­ AbjureSU: For a brief moment, you can convince the universe that a creature doesn't exist. If you know the true name of target creature within [Medium] range and if that creature had not been targeted by this ability this [Encounter], as a swift action you may render the creature [Ethereal] for one [Round] . A successful Will save negates this effect. While a creature is [Ethereal] as a result of this ability, line of sight is blocked between the creature and other creatures besides you, and line of effect is blocked between the creature and any other creature's attack, ability, or effect. You do not need line of sight or effect to the creature to use this ability.
7th Circle ­ UnnameSU: You gain the ultimate power over true names ­ the knowledge of their destruction. At will, as a standard action, you can cause a creature within [Close] range whose true name you know to suffer [HP reduction] equal to half of their maximum hit points. A successful Will save negates this effect. You do not need line of sight or effect to the creature to activate this ability.

1st Circle ­ KingshipEX: You may bestow ritual blessings upon allies at the beginning of a [Scene]. Until discharged, each of these abilities lasts for the duration of the [Scene]. A creature may only benefit from one ritual blessing at a time. You have access to the following ritual blessings, though each must be placed only once per [Scene] and on a different ally:
»» Sword: Whenever an ally who possesses this ritual blessing hits an opponent with an attack, that opponent takes a -10 ft penalty to their movement speed until the end of the [Encounter]. In addition, as a free action, after hitting an opponent with an attack, that ally may discharge this ritual blessing to inflict a penalty equal to the number of circles of True Mage you possess to the AC of one opponent within [Close] range. This penalty lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
»» Shield: The first time each [Round] that an opponent's melee attack hits an ally possessing this ability, that opponent takes 1 point of damage per level of the ally. In addition, as a free action, that ally may discharge this

122

ritual blessing to create a spread with a radius of that ally's [Close] originating from that ally, dealing damage equal to your TAM + your level to all opponents in the area. »» Sceptre: The ally who possesses this ability has the power to speak words which hold greater weight to other creatures. That ally receives a +2 bonus to a social skill of their choice, or to Awareness. When attempting to reason with a hostile creature, the ally may discharge this ability as a free action to gain a token for the social encounter.
2nd Circle ­ Foundation: Once per [Scene], as a standard action, you gain one of the following abilities until the end of the [Scene]:
»» Theurgic SecretEX: Choose a single spell you know, of any circle lower than the highest circle of spells you can cast. You may cast this spell once per [Encounter] without expending a spell slot.
»» Alchemical MysteriesSU: As a move action, if you possess the Combat Alchemist track, you may expend a consumable to convert one of your Potions or Poisons into a consumable with effects identical to that Brew. This consumable expires at the end of the [Scene].
»» Goetic StrengthEX: Choose either spell-like or supernatural abilities. Calculate all level-dependent variables, such as range, damage, and DCs, for abilities of the chosen type you possess as if you were two levels higher.
»» Arcane PreparationSU: Once per [Scene], after spending no actions for 5 minutes, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you that lasts for the

rest of the [Scene]. If any creature enters a square within this spread, the glyph alerts you (a harmless mental jolt sufficient to wake you from sleep) and conveys an image of the creature, along with a vague sense of the creature's general intent. When you create the spread, you can choose to direct it to ignore creatures fitting a certain description (such as "small animals and insects"), as well as yourself and/or anyone inside the spread when it is created.  You can also direct the spread to repel creatures fitting a certain description no more complex than race and a range of height and weight. A creature under that description is unable to enter a square within the spread. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your TAM) allows the creature to enter a square within the spread for the rest of the [Scene].  Finally, creatures outside the spread cannot establish line of sight to any creature within the spread from your [Long] range or farther. Creatures outside your [Medium] range from the spread also cannot establish line of sight to any creature within the spread unless they are able to ignore [Figment] or [Glamer] effects. Taking an offensive action against an opponent while inside a square within the spread allows any creature to establish line of sight as normal to creatures within the spread for the rest of the [Scene].
3rd Circle ­ SplendorSU: You gain access to three broader rituals which take a hundred [Rounds] to cast each. Out of combat, this is roughly equivalent to ten minutes.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

123

»» Seal: You create a Splendorous seal over a door or object, stopping it from being opened without two [Rounds] of concerted effort. You may only have one Seal in existence for each circle of Mage you have acquired, and only one active on a given door or object. These seals function while you are within 750 ft, and 5 minutes after you leave that radius. You may willingly open a seal at anytime, and may discharge a seal in order to deal damage equal to your character level plus your key offensive modifier to all opponents within 20 ft of the seal.
»» Trickery: You create a Rune of Trickery on an ally. You may only have one Rune in existence for each circle of True Mage you have acquired, and only one active on a given ally. While a Rune of Trickery is on an ally, that ally may alter their appearance at will. A Perception check (DC 10 + ½ your character level + your KAM) makes an observer aware of the deception. This Rune lasts for the duration of the [Quest]. The ally may discharge this Rune as a move action or part of a move action to [Teleport] to a destination point within [Close] range, and become [Invisible] for two [Rounds].
»» Majesty: You create a symbol of Majesty on an ally. You may only have a one Symbol in existence for each circle of True Mage you have acquired, and only one active on a given ally. This symbol lasts for the duration of the [Quest]. An affected ally gains a 10 ft bonus to their [Melee] range, and opponents hit by their melee attacks begin [Burning]. This can be discharged as a move action to cause all opponents within the

ally's improved [Melee] range to be [Blown away] and begin [Burning]. 4th Circle ­ EternityEX: Your control over the Splendor Rituals increases. You may now prepare these rituals in advance on some form of item, like a card or a scroll, that you can then use for the ritual. A ritual prepared in this fashion can be used as a swift action, as long as the subject is within [Melee] range. No two True Mages may use each other's rituals prepared this way, and where applicable, cards count against the total number of instances you may have active for a given ritual.
5th Circle ­ SeveritySU: At the start of each [Scene], you possess one of the following abilities of your choice until the end of the [Scene]:
»» Circle of Ether: Your ability to bind magic into physical forms takes on a startling new aspect. At the start of this [Scene], you gain two consumables: a Rusted Ring and Gloss Armor. If they have not been used by the end of the [Scene], these two consumables crumble into dust, as do any consumables you have created with them using the Alchemical Mysteries ability.
»» Binding of The Seventh: Once per [Scene], after spending no actions for 5 minutes, you may create a seal spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from target adjacent square, which remains dormant until activated or until you create a new seal spread with this ability. If you create a new seal spread, this seal spread disappears. As a standard action, you may activate the seal spread, granting all creatures [Immunity] to [Teleport] effects while they are within the seal spread, and inflicting the [Slowed]

124

condition to all opponents while they are within the seal spread. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your TAM) causes a creature to become [Entangled] instead of [Slowed] while inside the seal spread. Once activated, the seal spread lasts for ten [Rounds] and then disappears.
6th Circle ­ Understanding: As you master the ancient arts of the mage, you can combine your powers in unusual ways. You may choose one of the following abilities; this choice is permanent, unless your GM is unusually forgiving:
»» Dual FocusEX: You learn to split your arcane focus between two constant effects. You may have two instances of your Foundation ability active simultaneously, and their effects stack if they provide the same ability.
»» Glyph of CallingSU: You can craft linked magic circles, enabling instant travel between their locations. Once per [Scene], with two hours' effort, you can create a teleportation circle with a 10-ft radius linked to any other teleportation circle within a distance of 100 miles per level you possess. Any creature that enters a linked teleportation circle's space is immediately transported to the teleportation circle to which it is linked, along with up to 250 pounds of equipment. The circle is permanent but can be destroyed either by a 7th-circle [Dispelling] effect or by ten minutes' physical labor. This is a [Teleport] and [Warp] effect.
7th Circle ­ CrownEX: At the beginning of each [Scene], you possess one of the following abilities of your choice until the end of the [Scene].
Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

»» Ars Arcana: If you have the Combat Alchemist track, you may reduce the transmutation point cost of all your abilities by one, to a minimum of one point.
»» Magna Anima: At the beginning of each [Scene], pick a single spell that you know of a circle lower than your highest spell circle with a casting time of "1 standard action". Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may cast that spell without expending a spell slot. In addition, once per [Encounter], as a swift action, if you possess the Theurgic Secret ability this [Scene] and your chosen spell from that ability has a casting time of "1 standard action", you may cast that chosen spell without expending a spell slot.
»» Ars Goetia: Once per [Scene], you may activate any two spell-like abilities you possess with a casting time of a standard action or a swift action with a single standard action. You can choose the order in which the abilities take effect. This action counts against any limits for using those spell-like abilities, and you may not activate a spell-like ability that has no remaining uses or otherwise could not normally be activated.
»» Magna Mutatio: Once per [Scene], you may transform any consumable into any other consumable of the same tier. This takes one [Round] of effort.
125

Vigilante
Wherever the law can't handle every crook wandering the streets in search of easy prey, the Vigilante comes out to lend a helping hand. These champions and rebels equip themselves accordingly for their task, to make sure that a stray switchblade doesn't put an end to their righteous crusade, and always keep around a getaway ride in case the local law enforcement gets funny ideas.
1st Circle ­ Vigilante ArmorEX: With a dramatic gesture and shouted command, a suit of incredible armor snaps into existence and covers your body. This provides a +2 item bonus to Athletics, and is a Lesser item of your design with enchantments as normal for magic armor of its tier (see Chapter XIII), but does not count against your normal limit of attuned magic items. When you gain your 4th circle in Vigilante, redesign this armor as a Greater item, and when you gain your 6th circle, redesign it as a Relic.
2nd Circle ­ Brutal KickEX: You jump high in the sky, then come streaking down towards your foe for a devastating kick, whether or not you usually use such attacks. As a standard action, you move up to your movement speed without provoking attacks of opportunity, and make a melee attack against an opponent in your [Melee] range, which deals additional damage equal to your level and can target a [Flying] opponent even if you are not [Flying]. You can choose to treat your Unarmed Strike natural weapon as a [Brutal 2], [Magnum] weapon for purposes of this attack. At 10th level, you can make 2 attacks after moving this way, and the additional damage for each attack increases to 2 per level

you possess. Against all expectations, you can still activate Brutal Kick while mounted, using your mount's movement speed in place of your own.
3rd Circle ­ Signature RideEX: You gain the ability to call forth or dismiss a mysterious contraption as part of a move action. This is a special mount that will allow no rider other than you, and which you can control in combat even without having the Ride skill trained. It appears in an unoccupied space adjacent to yours when summoned and disappears from wherever it may be when dismissed, dismounting you if you happen to be riding it at the time. As a free action, you may climb onto your Signature Ride without provoking an attack of opportunity. It has a movement speed 15 ft greater than yours, the Fly movement mode, and a space equal in size and shape to your own.
While mounted on your Signature Ride, you gain a 20% [Miss chance] against all attacks during any [Round] in which you move at least 20 ft. You may only have one Signature Ride, and it may benefit from magic items that apply to mounts.
4th Circle ­ Unnatural ResilienceEX: Through esoteric means, you are simply tougher and more enduring than any life ought to be. If you make a successful Fortitude save against an effect that would normally have a lesser effect on a successful save (such as a spell with a save of "Fortitude half "), you instead ignore the effect entirely.
5th Circle ­ Vigilante's CourageEX: You have [Immunity] to [Fear] and gain a +2 bonus to initiative checks, due to your prodigious courage. Twice per [Round], whenever this ability negates an effect,

126

or you successfully make a Fortitude save, you may make a Brutal Kick against the opponent that created the effect, as long as your Brutal Kick ability could bring you within your [Melee] range of that opponent.
6th Circle ­ Finishing MoveEX: You learn to devastate your enemies, leaving you refreshed for your next challenger. Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may move up to your movement speed without provoking attacks of opportunity, and make a melee attack against an opponent in your [Melee] range, which deals additional damage equal to five times your level and can target a [Flying] opponent even if you are not [Flying]. You can choose to treat your Unarmed Strike natural weapon as a [Brutal 2], [Magnum] weapon for purposes of this attack. You gain temporary HP equal to the damage dealt by this attack.
7th Circle ­ UnbeatenEX: Once per [Encounter], as a move action, you can heal all damage, setting your current hit point total to your maximum HP.

Racial Tracks
These tracks provide racial abilities for various types of monstrous NPCs or unusual PCs. They are available to PCs with group approval (since not all groups want to play on the same team with vampires or dragons). Each racial track is linked to a race and often a creature type. Use this race at character generation instead of one of the races found in Chapter IV.
As usual for multiclassing, a character should always progress racial track circles at the same rate as the track he gave up, even if the table of the racial track indicates otherwise.
Racial tracks possess "racial class" statistics (such as base attack bonus and save bonus progressions) that override the class statistics of a normal class. This includes a new Key Offensive Modifier and Key Defensive Modifier, which are applied before any tracks (such as Demo Man) modify those statistics. For example, if you chose the Demon racial track, which has a Key Offensive Modifier of Charisma, and the Demo Man track, which changes your Key Offensive Modifier to Intelligence, your Key Offensive Modifier would be Intelligence.
You are still a member of a single class, which means that you gain two tracks from the class by default, as normal, in addition to your racial track. You retain the ability to multiclass out of a single track, however, and to multiclass out of a second track using the Guild Initiation feat, so long as you do not multiclass out of your racial track.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

127

Creature Types
Creature types are classifications that all creatures possess. These types help outline general differences between large categories of creatures and any special traits they may have as a result. The descriptions and traits of Legend's basic creature types are covered below.
Aberration So totally alien that they defy classification, aberrations include such beings as animate oozes or entities of pure mind, and have the following trait: Known UnknownsEX: Your level is treated as if it were 3 higher for the purposes of Knowledge skill DCs.
Animal Normal animals, such as dogs, horses, and dinosaurs, are Mooks, and have the following traits: Bestial Intelligence: Animals have no Intelligence modifier and cannot use Knowledge skills other than Nature and Geography. Fear is the Appropriate ResponseEX: Once per [Encounter], when reduced to less than a quarter of its maximum HP from more than a quarter of its maximum HP, an animal gains the ability to use the Run combat maneuver as a swift action for the next 3 [Rounds].
Construct Constructs are mechanical creatures that may or may not be magically animated, including golems and robots, and have the following traits: Mechanical EnduranceEX: Constructs reduce the duration of the [Fatigued] condition by half (minimum one [Round]), and have [Immunity] to [Exhausted ].

TimelessEX: Timeless creatures do not age. Most intelligent constructs have the Sentient Construct track. Mindless constructs are Mooks, and have the following additional trait: No Brain, No HeartEX: Mindless constructs have no Intelligence modifier and cannot use Knowledge or Interaction skills, but have [Immunity] to [Fear], [Mind-affecting] effects, and the in-combat use of the Intimidate skill.
Fey Fey often resemble humanoids in appearance, if you can get past the antennae, wings, unearthly eyes, and many other traits that many fey creatures possess.
Giant Giants are largely humanoid in appearance, but all adult giants are at least [Large] size, making them stronger but also somewhat clumsier. Many unique giants have the Utter Brute racial track.
Humanoid Humanoids have no special abilities, but are versatile and lack glaring vulnerabilities. Races with no associated racial tracks are humanoids.
Magical Beast Magical beasts include dire animals and intelligent, inherently magical animal-like creatures. Many unique magical beasts have the Utter Brute or Dragon racial track.
Outsider Outsiders are creatures from beyond or outside the natural order. All have an outsider racial track

128

(such as Celestial or Demon) and the following racial traits: TimelessEX: Timeless creatures do not age. ResistantEX: All outsiders have [Lesser resistance] to a single energy type, listed in their racial statistics.
Plant Normal plants typically have no statistics at all, as they are not capable of meaningful independent action. However, a few abnormal plants are creatures and capable of action. They have the following trait: Establishing Your RootsEX: Plants have [Immunity] to [Bleeding] and [Exhausted].
Plants that are animated but lack intelligence are Mooks with the following additional trait: Cellulose HeadEX: Mindless plants have no Intelli gence modifier and cannot use Knowledge or Interaction skills, but have [Immunity] to [Fear], [Mind-affecting] effects, and the in-combat use of the Intimidate skill.
Primordial Primordials are personifications of powerful natural forces. This includes Elementals which are tied to one or more of the four elements and typically have an Elemental track.

Undead Undead creatures are the revenants of previously-dead creatures of other types (most often humanoids, but undead giants and dragons are also quite common, while undead animals and fey are not unheard of ). They have the following traits: Curse of UndeathEX: [Positive] effects damage undead creatures, while [Negative] effects heal undead creatures. Any [Resistance] or [Vulnerability] an undead creature has against damage with the [Negative] descriptor is ignored if it would be healed by that damage. Note that not all healing is a [Positive] effect. TimelessEX: Timeless creatures do not age. UnstoppableEX: Undead reduce the duration of the [Fatigued] condition by half (minimum one [Round]), and have [Immunity] to [Exhausted].
Almost all intelligent undead creatures have the Undead track. Mindless undead are Mooks with the following additional trait: Po SoulEX: Mindless undead have no Intelligence modifier and cannot use Knowledge or Interaction skills, but have [Immunity] to [Fear], [Mind-affecting] effects, and the in-combat use of the Intimidate skill.

Primordial Mooks have the following trait: Energy BeingEX: The primordial has [Resistance] to one of [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire] damage, and a [Vulnerability] to one other type from that list.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

129

Celestial

+2
WIS

[Average] size [Outsider] type

[Lesser resistance] to [Fire] [Darkvision]

BONUS FE ATS (choose one)

The Sun Grows Dim Lightbender Adept
Summon Mote

8
HP/LEVEL

6
SKILLS

WIS
KOM

STR
KDM

Table 6-1 Level BAB Fort Ref Will

Celestial 1 +1 +2 +0 +2

Track

2

+2 +3 +1 +3

Celestial Divine Radiance

Abilities

3

+3 +4 +1 +4

Sway the Heavens

4 +4 +4 +2 +4

5 +5 +5 +2 +5

6 +6 +6 +3 +6 Path to Glory

7 +7 +6 +3 +6

8 +8 +7 +4 +7

9 +9 +8 +4 +8 Benediction

10 +10 +8 +5 +8

11 +11 +9 +5 +9

12 +12 +10 +6 +10

Harmonious Scales

13 +13 +10 +6 +10

14 +14 +11 +7 +11

15 +15 +12 +7 +12

Righteous Wrath

16 +16 +12 +8 +12

17 +17 +13 +8 +13

18 +18 +14 +9 +14 Divine Mercy

19 +19 +14 +9 +14

20 +20 +15 +10 +15

upon any they see as a threat to their cause, whatever that may be.
If there are multiple options under any circle, you must choose between the options when you gain the circle.
1st Circle ­ Divine RadianceSU: At will, as a free action, if you do not already have a radiant spread, you may create a radiant spread with a radius of your [Close] originating from you that moves with you and lasts until dismissed as a swift action. This spread causes opponents in it to lose the [Covered] condition and be [Revealed]. Any opponent who leaves the spread is [Revealed] for one [Round] and cannot benefit from the [Covered] condition for one [Round]. As a swift action, you may increase the light's brightness momentarily, leaving all opponents within the radiant spread [Dazzled] for 5 [Rounds]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Wisdom modifier) reduces the duration of the [Dazzled] condition to 1 [Round].
2nd Circle ­ Sway the HeavensEX: Your attacks awe opponents with their wondrous grace. Once per [Round], if you hit an opponent that has been [Revealed] by your Divine Radiance with an attack, you may cause that opponent to be unable to make attacks of opportunity for one [Round]. This does not require an action. You may activate this ability an additional time per [Round] for every circle of Celestial you possess above 2nd.

Celestials are graceful beings with ancestry that can be traced back to some sort of higher power. However, not all celestials are benevolent. Some celestials are all too keen to bring down judgment

3rd Circle ­ Path to Glory: You gain one of the following abilities:
»» Angelic WingsEX: You gain a pair of wings and the Fly movement mode.

130

»» Prophetic VisionsSU: Brief glimpses into the future offer you keen insight into battle. Once per [Round], when you activate Divine Radiance as a swift action, you may gain a +3 bonus to attack rolls or Armor Class until the beginning of your next turn.
4th Circle ­ BenedictionSU: You gain one of the following abilities:
»» Strength of Faith: Twice per [Encounter], you can activate the Divine Radiance ability as an immediate action, and replace the Armor Class or one saving throw bonus of an ally within the range of your Divine Radiance with your own for one [Round]. When you do so, you may benefit from other abilities you possess that trigger when you activate Divine Radiance as a swift action.
»» Aura of Vitality: You gain [Immunity] to the [Blinded] condition. In addition, twice per [Encounter], when you activate Divine Radiance as a swift action, you may grant all allies within the range of your Divine Radiance 2 temporary HP per level you possess.

6th Circle ­ Righteous WrathEX: You gain one of the following abilities:
»» Strike Senseless: The first time you hit an opponent with an attack each [Round], that opponent is [Blinded] and [Deafened] for 1 [Round]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Wisdom modifier) negates the [Blinded] and [Deafened] conditions.
»» That Hideous Strength: Once per [Round ], when you make an attack, you may force all enemies within the area of your Divine Radiance to make a Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Wisdom modifier) or be [Battered] for 2 [Rounds].
7th Circle ­ Divine MercySU: Once per [Encounter], when you activate Divine Radiance as a swift action, you call down a shield of blistering light which grants a single ally within [Long] range [Immunity] to damage for a single [Round].

5th Circle ­ Harmonious ScalesSLA: You gain one of the following abilities:
»» Purifying Flame: Twice per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may use sunburst, as the spell. The DC to resist it is (10 + ½ your level + your Wisdom modifier).
»» Cleansing Light: Twice per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may use heal, as the spell. The DC to resist it is (10 + ½ your level + your Wisdom modifier).

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

131

Demon

+2
ANY ONE ABILITY

[Average] size [Outsider] type

[Lesser resistance] to [Electricity] [Darkvision]

BONUS FE ATS (choose one)

By Will Sustained Shadow Blink
The Earth Cracks

8
HP/LEVEL

6
SKILLS

CHA
KOM

CON
KDM

Table 6-2 Demon Track Abilities

Level BAB Fort Ref Will

Demon

1 +1 +0 +2 +2 Demonic Traits

2 +2 +1 +3 +3

3 +3 +1 +4 +4 Demon Magic

4 +4 +2 +4 +4

5 +5 +2 +5 +5

Abominable 6 +6 +3 +6 +6
Essence

7 +7 +3 +6 +6

8 +8 +4 +7 +7

9 +9 +4 +8 +8 Thick Skinned

10 +10 +5 +8 +8

11 +11 +5 +9 +9

12 +12 +6 +10 +10

Vessel of Entropy

13 +13 +6 +10 +10

14 +14 +7 +11 +11

15 +15 +7 +12 +12 Cruel Reality

16 +16 +8 +12 +12

17 +17 +8 +13 +13

18 +18 +9 +14 +14 Aura of Death

19 +19 +9 +14 +14

20 +20 +10 +15 +15

Demons are malevolent and destructive creatures, remnants of a dead universe. They spread chaos and despair in many different ways, but all are known for their mobility and the tactical threats they pose. While demons often work together (especially if one demon can force others to serve it)

they have been known to join adventuring parties in order to further their goals.
1st Circle ­ Demonic TraitsEX: Select one Interaction skill (Bluff, Diplomacy, Intimidate, or Perception). You gain a +3 bonus on all checks with that skill. A demon also has the following natural weapon:
»» Demon Claws ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Devastating].
2nd Circle ­ Demon MagicSLA: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may use either darkness or see invisibility, as the spells.
3rd Circle ­ Abominable Essence: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Fell FlightEX: You gain wings and the Fly movement mode.
»» Apocalyptic VisionsSU: Brief glimpses into the future offer you keen insights into battle. Once per [Round], as a swift action, you may gain a +3 bonus to attack rolls or to Armor Class for one [Round].
4th Circle ­ Thick SkinnedEX: You gain a +1 item bonus to your Armor Class for every circle of Demon that you possess, and [Lesser resistance] to physical damage.
5th Circle ­ Vessel of Entropy: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Shield of ChaosSU: You gain a 20% [Miss chance], and your [Lesser resistance] to physical damage improves to [Resistance] to physical damage.
»» Chaos HammerSLA: Twice per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may deal 1d8 damage

132

per level and inflict [Energy drained] to all opponents within [Close] range. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) halves the damage and negates the [Energy drained] condition.
6th Circle ­ Cruel RealitySU: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Bonded by Blood: You gain the ability to sense how close to death creatures are. You know the maximum and current HP of every creature within [Medium] range to which you have line of sight. In addition, as a swift action, you can form a horrifying bond with a creature within [Medium] range that splits all damage you take equally with that creature until the end of the [Encounter]. (You can damage yourself to damage the bonded creature.) [Damage reduction] and [Resistance] do not apply to damage that creature takes from this ability. As a move action, that creature may make a Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) to sever this bond. You may only have one such bond at a time.
»» Aura of Insanity: Once per [Round], as a free action, you may create spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you, which renders all opponents within the area [Confused] for one [Round]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Confused] condition. Each opponent may only be affected by this ability once per [Encounter].

7th Circle ­ Aura of DeathSU: Everything around you seems to die faster than it otherwise should. At the start of each of your turns, all opponents in [Medium] range gain the [Bleeding] condition, all opponents in [Close] range gain the [Battered] condition for one [Round], and whenever you hit an opponent with an attack in [Melee] range, that attack deals additional damage equal to twice your Key Offensive Modifier. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Battered] condition. (These effects are cumulative. For instance, a creature in your [Melee] range suffers all three effects.)

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

133

Dragon

+2
CHA

Size varies [Magical beast] type

[Darkvision]

BONUS FE ATS (choose one)

Yo u W i l l Fa l t e r Open Lesser Binding
The Earth Cracks

10
HP/LEVEL
STR
KOM

5
SKILLS
CHA
KDM

Table 6-3 Dragon Level BAB

Track 1

+1

Abilities 2

+2

3

+3

4

+4

5

+5

6

+6

7

+7

8

+8

9

+9

10 +10

11 +11

12 +12

13 +13

14 +14

15 +15

16 +16

17 +17

18 +18

19 +19

20 +20

Good Saves
+2 +3 +4 +4 +5 +6 +6 +7 +8 +8 +9 +10 +10 +11 +12 +12 +13 +14 +14 +15

Poor Save +0 +1 +1 +2 +2 +3 +3 +4 +4 +5 +5 +6 +6 +7 +7 +8 +8 +9 +9 +10

Dragon Agility Vitality True Dragon Dignity Endurance Power Great Wyrm

In many ways, there's simply nothing more emblematic of fantasy than a giant dragon. While mid-sized and compact economy models are quite popular these days, full-scale dragons remain the creature of choice when you absolutely, positively must scare the pants off of an adventuring party. The dragon track is a distillation of the smallest

set of common traits shared by most dragons, which can be combined with other tracks to better describe a specific kind of dragon.
Dragons can be [Average] or [Large], a permanent choice established on their creation. Dragons may also choose any two saves to be their Good saves. The remaining save becomes a Poor save.
1st Circle ­ AgilityEX: You gain the Fly movement mode. You also gain the following natural weapon:
»» Dragon Claws ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 3].
2nd Circle ­ VitalityEX: Your maximum HP increases by one point per character level per circle of the Dragon track you possess, to a maximum of +140 HP at 20th level.
3rd Circle ­ True DragonEX: This marks your transition from your previous form to the dragon you were meant to be. Your scales have hardened into a suit of natural armor, which can be improved with enchantments (see Chapter XIII) as if it were a normal suit of armor. This armor grants you a bonus to AC that is both item and deflection (and thus stacks with neither item not deflection bonuses), equal to your circles in the Dragon track, which improves by +1 if it is enchanted as a Greater Item or Relic, or +2 if it is enchanted as an Artifact. The Masterwork enchantment can never be applied to your scales. In addition, whenever you hit with an attack using your Dragon Claws, you are healed for half the damage you dealt on that attack, up to your level in HP.
4th Circle ­ DignityEX: All conditions and [Binding] effects affecting you have their durations reduced

134

by one [Round], to a minimum of 1 [Round]. If a condition would normally persist for an [Encounter], it instead lasts eight [Rounds] or until the [Encounter] ends, whichever occurs first. If a condition would normally persist for a [Scene], it instead lasts for the [Encounter]. If a condition would normally persist for a [Quest], it instead lasts for the [Scene]. Permanent conditions are unaltered.
5th Circle ­ EnduranceEX: Fatal damage you are subjected to takes a full [Round] to kill or incapacitate you. During that [Round], you may be healed.
6th Circle ­ PowerEX: Twice per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may let loose a horrible challenge. Opponents within [Close] range are [Deafened] for one [Round], and they must use their standard and move actions to either flee or approach you (using standard actions to Run and move actions to move away), or target you with offensive actions for one [Round]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates this effect.
7th Circle ­ Great WyrmEX: You have grown in power, transcending the mortality of lesser beings. Once per [Scene], whenever you die or are rendered [Unconscious], you are revived at the beginning of the next [Round] with full HP. You can delay your revival or choose not to return at all. If you die more than once during a [Scene], you may come back to life at the beginning of the next [Quest].

Sentient Construct

+2 +2 -2
CON INT or DEX CHA

[Average] size [Construct] type

[Darkvision]

BONUS FEATS (choose one)

Wa ke Recon By Will Sustained

10
HP/LEVEL
INT
KOM

5
SKILLS
DEX
KDM

Level BAB Fort Ref
1 +1 +2 +0 2 +2 +3 +1 3 +3 +4 +1 4 +4 +4 +2 5 +5 +5 +2 6 +6 +6 +3 7 +7 +6 +3 8 +8 +7 +4
9 +9 +8 +4
10 +10 +8 +5 11 +11 +9 +5
12 +12 +10 +6
13 +13 +10 +6 14 +14 +11 +7
15 +15 +12 +7
16 +16 +12 +8 17 +17 +13 +8 18 +18 +14 +9 19 +19 +14 +9 20 +20 +15 +10

Sentient Will
Construct +2 Study Frame +3 +4 Built to Last +4 +5 +6 Onboard Radar +6 +7
Auxiliary +8
Systems +8 +9
Defensive +10
Matrix +10 +11
Upgraded +12
Systems +12 +13 +14 State of the Art +14 +15

Table 6-4 Sentient Construct Track Abilities

Sentient Constructs vary in form and function much like normal constructs, but are self-aware and capable of reasoning. In fact, most Sentient Constructs are extremely capable of reasoning, if not particularly charismatic.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

135

1st Circle ­ Sturdy FrameEX: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Hard to Break: Once per [Encounter], if you make a successful Fortitude or Will save against an effect that would normally have a lesser effect on a successful save (such as a spell with a save of "Fortitude half "), you instead ignore the effect entirely.
»» Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger: You gain a +1 bonus to all damage for every circle of this track that you possess, and a 5 ft. bonus to your movement speed for every even circle of this track that you possess. You also gain a +2 bonus to saves against combat maneuvers.
2nd Circle ­ Built to LastEX: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Nanites: You gain [Fast healing] equal to your Key Defensive Modifier.
»» Heavy Metal: As a standard action, you deal damage equal to your character level + your Key Offensive Modifier to every opponent in [Melee] range. Opponent dealt damage by this ability are [Knocked down]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates being [Knocked down].
3rd Circle ­ Onboard RadarEX: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Sensor Suite: Your advanced senses enable you to penetrate illusions that would fool organic creatures. You gain [Immunity] to effects with the [Figment] descriptor. You also gain [Tremorsense] out to [Close] range and [Blindsight] out to [Melee] range.

»» Targeting System: You gain [Tremorsense] out to [Close] range. Whenever you use [Tremorsense] to image the area (see Chapter IX), you gain a +2 bonus to attack rolls against any opponent within your [Tremorsense] that [Round], and whenever you deal damage with an attack to an opponent within your [Tremorsense] that [Round], you deal 1d4 additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor per circle of Sentient Construct.
4th Circle ­ Defensive MatrixEX: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Spell Disruption: You gain [Resistance] to energy and magic damage.
»» Active Stabilizers: You gain [Resistance] to physical damage.
5th Circle ­ Auxiliary SystemsEX: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Precise Logic: You gain [Immunity] to effects with the [Mind-affecting] descriptor.
»» Suppressive Fire: As a move action, you may create a line with a length of your [Medium] range originating from you that deals 2d4 times your Key Offensive Modifier damage to creatures within the area and knocks them [Prone]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] condition.
6th Circle ­ Upgraded ChassisEX: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Iron Constitution: You gain [Immunity] to the [Bleeding], [Sickened], and [Nauseated] conditions.

136

»» Charged Attack: Once per [Round], as a swift action, you may charge up energy. Whenever you do so, you gain a bonus to damage you deal with attacks or offensive actions equal to your KOM for one [Round]. All damage you deal with attacks or offensive actions during that [Round] also ignores 1 point of [Damage reduction] and [Resistance] per 2 levels you possess, and may inflict the [Burning] and [Bleeding] conditions at your choice.
7th Circle ­ State of the ArtEX: Select one of the following abilities (this choice is permanent):
»» Kinetic Bombardment: As a standard action, you may pick one square within [Medium] range. You deal 15d6 damage to all creatures within your [Close] range from that square. Those creatures lose [Flying] and the the Fly movement mode for two [Rounds]. In addition, creatures dealt damage by this ability are [Blown away] in a direction of your choice. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates being [Blown away].
»» Big Finish: Three times per [Encounter], as a move action, the next time you hit an opponent with an attack, that attack deals 4 additional fury damage per level and inflicts the [Battered] condition until the end of the [Encounter], and the [Slowed] condition for two [Rounds]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) halves the additional damage and negates the [Slowed] condition. This is a [Death] effect.

Undead

ABILITY MODIFIERS VARY BY T Y PE

[Average] size [Undead ] type

[Ghostwise sight] 45 ft

BONUS FEATS

Var ie s by t y p e

10
HP/LEVEL
VARIES
KOM

5
SKILLS
VARIES
KDM

Level BAB Fort Ref Will

Undead

1 +1 +2 +0 +2 Consumption

2 +2 +3 +1 +3

3 +3 +4 +1 +4

Strength in Decay

4 +4 +4 +2 +4

5 +5 +5 +2 +5

The Flesh is 6 +6 +6 +3 +6
Strong

7 +7 +6 +3 +6

8 +8 +7 +4 +7

9 +9 +8 +4 +8

The Blight Spreads

10 +10 +8 +5 +8

11 +11 +9 +5 +9

12 +12 +10 +6 +10 Necrotic Aura

13 +13 +10 +6 +10

14 +14 +11 +7 +11

15 +15 +12 +7 +12 Heart Stopper

16 +16 +12 +8 +12

17 +17 +13 +8 +13

18 +18 +14 +9 +14 No Requiem

19 +19 +14 +9 +14

20 +20 +15 +10 +15

Table 6-5 Undead Track Abilities

Undead creatures are, simply put, creatures that in a previous-and-irrelevant life were alive, and now are not. However, they still manage to walk, talk, and break things. Sentient undead (who can be played by PCs) come in one of five main kinds: mummies, ghouls, liches, skeleton champions, and vampires. Each one has its own racial

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

137

statistics, detailed at the end of the track rules. Your Key Ability Modifiers and abilities from the Undead track vary based on your race.
Special: The Undead track models creatures that have been stripped of their past life and many of their previous physical and mental characteristics. Characters that access the Undead track via Guild Initiation or Full Buy-In must select an [Undead] race from the list below, but are not required to change a previously-acquired racial track, racial feats, or Key Ability Modifiers.
Optional Rule ­ Ritual of the Grave: Any creature possessing the Undead track can grant the mixed blessing of undeath to a fallen creature. With a ritual lasting 30 minutes, you can transform an [Unconscious] or willing living creature into an undead creature of the same kind that you are. This creature can be of any level up to your own and must have Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma scores of 1 or greater. When you transform this creature, it loses one of its tracks of your choice and gains the Undead track.
1st Circle ­ ConsumptionSU: You gain an ability based on what kind of undead you are.
»» Ghoul ­ Horrible Bite: You draw strength from the flesh of sentient creatures. Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with your Ghoul Bite natural weapon, you may cause that opponent to become [Sickened] for one [Round] and heal yourself 1 hit point per level. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + 1/2 your level + your KOM) negates the [Sickened] condition and the healing. You also gain the Ghoul Bite natural weapon: Ghoul Bite ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 3]

»» Lich ­ Undying Magecraft: You draw strength from ambient magical energy. Whenever you cast a spell or spell-like ability, or an effect created by a spell or spell-like ability is ended by a [Dispelling] effect within [Close] range, you heal 1 hit point per 2 character levels, minimum 1. At will, as a standard action, you may also use magic missile, as the spell, as a spell-like ability.
»» Mummy ­ Growing Horror: You draw strength from the fear of surrounding mortals. Every time an opponent within [Close] range fails a saving throw against a [Fear] effect, you regain 1 hit point per level. The first opponent you hit each [Round] must make a Will save (DC 10 +½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) or become [Shaken] for one [Round].
»» Vampire ­ Bloodlust: You draw strength from feeding on blood. Whenever you deal damage with your Vampire Bite natural weapon, you heal half the damage dealt, to a maximum of your Key Offensive Modifier. You gain the Vampire Bite natural weapon: Vampire Bite ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Magnum].
»» Skeleton Champion ­ Devastating Strike: At the beginning of an [Encounter], you gain a focus point. Once per [Round], when an ally in [Close] range activates a spell, spell-like, or supernatural ability, takes an offensive action, or is affected by an offensive action, you gain a focus point. In addition, you may spend 3 focus points during an attack action to make a [Bonus attack] and heal 1 hit point per level.

138

2nd Circle ­ Strength in Decay: You gain powers that few mortals can rival.
»» Ghoul ­ Unholy RegenerationEX: You gain [Fast healing] equal to your Key Defensive Modifier.
»» Lich ­ Sorcerous EnduranceEX: Choose either [Cold ] or [Electricity]. You gain [Resistance] to the chosen element. At 6th circle, this improves to [Resistance] to energy damage.
»» Mummy ­ Well EmbalmedEX: You now feed on courage as well as fear. You gain [Lesser resistance] to physical damage. Whenever a creature other than yourself within [Close] range ignores a [Fear] effect due to an [Immunity] to [Fear], you regain 1 hit point per 2 levels you possess.
»» Vampire ­ DiscorporationSU: At will, as a swift action, you can turn into a swarm of bats, mist, or similar form to move between opponents and around obstacles (and even through cracks in walls) with ease. For one [Round], you do not provoke attacks of opportunity while moving and gain the Fly movement mode. You may enter occupied squares, but if you end your movement in an occupied square, you are shunted to the last unoccupied square you entered.
»» Skeleton Champion ­ Rattling BonesSU: Once per [Round], as a swift action, as long as you possess at least 1 point of focus, you may gain a +2 bonus to your next attack roll, and deal additional energy damage with the [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire] descriptor equal to your KOM whenever you deal damage with an attack for one [Round ].

3rd Circle ­ The Flesh is StrongEX: You gain [Immunity] to [Fear], [Bleeding], and the in-combat use of Intimidate.
4th Circle ­ The Blight Spreads: You gain a powerful attack depending on what kind of undead you are:
»» Ghoul ­ Infected BiteEX: Whenever you hit an opponent with an attack using your Ghoul Bite natural weapon, that opponent gains [Vulnerability] to physical damage for 1 [Round ].
»» Lich ­ Hellfire EmpowermentSU: You gain a +2 bonus to the DCs of spells, spell-like abilities, and supernatural abilities you possess that have one or more targets, and may use those spells or abilities as if their range categories were one higher, to a maximum of [Extreme] range. Whenever an opponent is hit by one of your spells, spell-like abilities, or supernatural abilities or fails a save against one, you may cause that opponent to become [Burning].
»» Mummy ­ Fear AuraSU: The first time each opponent enters your [Melee] range in an [Encounter], you may choose to give that opponent a terrifying gaze that causes that opponent to become [Shaken]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates the [Shaken] condition.
»» Vampire ­ Entrancing GazeSLA: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may gain the effects of a sanctuary spell with a DC of 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier and cause all opponents within [Close] range to become [Confused] for three [Rounds]. A successful Will save

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

139

(DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates the [Confused] condition. »» Skeleton Champion ­ Fury of the DeadEX: Once per [Round], you may replace one attack from your attack action with the Bull Rush, Disarm, or Trip combat maneuver. The Disarm and Trip combat maneuvers are made with the same attack bonus as the replaced attack.
5th Circle ­ Necrotic AuraSU: Each opponent takes a penalty to all d20 rolls based on how close it is to you: a -3 penalty within your [Melee] range, a -2 penalty within your [Close] range, and a -1 penalty within your [Medium] range. These penalties do not stack and expire as soon as the opponent leaves the area of effect.
6th Circle ­ Contagion: You gain an ability based on what kind of undead you are.
»» Ghoul ­ HeartstopperSU: You radiate an aura of decay.Any effect that would heal an opponent within [Medium] range heals 2 fewer points per level, to a minimum of 1 hit point healed.
»» Lich ­ Arcane InsightSLA: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may use greater dispel magic, as the spell.
»» Mummy ­ Contagious TouchSU: As a standard action, you may make a single attack. On a hit, you deal damage as normal and inflict a -3 penalty to attack rolls and a -5 penalty to damage until the end of the [Encounter]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates these penalties. Additionally, once per [Round], as a swift action, you may inflict a

-3 penalty to attack rolls and a -5 penalty to damage until the end of the [Encounter] on any creature within 5 ft + 5 ft per 5 levels you possess of a creature already penalized by Contagious Touch. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive modifier) negates these penalties. »» Vampire ­ Child of ShadowsSU: You gain [Fast healing] equal to your character level. In addition, you may now use your Discorporation ability as a free action. Whenever you use Discorporation, for one [Round], whenever you move, you may make any opponent within [Melee] range of your movement path [Shaken] for the rest of the [Encounter]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Key Offensive Modifier) negates the [Shaken] condition. You may only make each opponent [Shaken] with this ability once per [Encounter]. »» Skeleton Champion ­ Eternal WarriorEX: You gain [Lesser resistance] to all damage. Whenever you would be dealt damage, you can spend a focus point to increase your [Lesser resistance] from this ability to [Resistance] against that damage, or two focus points to increase your [Lesser resistance] from this ability to [Greater resistance] against that damage.
7th Circle ­ No RequiemSU: Heroes who manage to strike you down are doomed to frustration. Once per [Scene], if you are killed or rendered [Unconscious], you return to undeath after 1 [Round] with full hit points. You may delay your revival or choose not to return at all.

140

Undead Races
Unlike standard races, these may only be taken along with the Undead racial track.

Ghoul

+2 +2 -2
STR CON WIS

[Average] size [Undead ] type

[Ghostwise sight] 45 ft

BONUS FE ATS (choose one)

Feign Death Ghoulish Enthusiasm
Wa ke

Ghouls are vicious and ravenous creatures who only marginally resemble their living forms. They are strong and fierce, but weak-willed at best.
A ghoul's Key Offensive Modifier is Strength, and its Key Defensive Modifier is Constitution.

Lich

+2
INT or WIS

[Average] size [Undead ] type

[Ghostwise sight] 45 ft +1 (+1/8 levels) racial bonus to Arcana

BONUS FE ATS (choose one)

L ich's Wrath Shafekeeper Adept The Sun Grows Dim

Liches are the dried-out husks of mortal spellcasters who craved the power of magic too strongly. Undeath only sharpens their mental acuity.
A lich's Key Offensive Modifier is Intelligence, and its Key Defensive Modifier is Wisdom.

Mummy

+2
CHA

[Average] size [Undead ] type

[Ghostwise sight] 45 ft

BONUS FE ATS (choose one)

Keep Them In Line On a Pale Horse Te rrif y i n g S h o ut

Mummies are preserved in body by enchanted bandages wrapped around their bodies, but their

minds are warped by the transformation, and few mummies remember much of their past lives.
A mummy's Key Offensive Modifier is Strength, and its Key Defensive Modifier is Charisma.

Skeleton Champion

+2
ANY PHYSICAL

[Average] size [Undead ] type

[Ghostwise sight] 45 ft

BONUS FEATS (choose one)

By Will Sustained Skeleton King
Any [ Weap on] feat

Skeleton champions might once have been knights, swashbucklers, or kings. It is certain, however, that all lived for the heat of battle, and the magical forces that bind their bones together are most strengthened by the clash of steel on steel.
A skeleton champion's Key Offensive Modifier is Strength, and its Key Defensive Modifier is either Dexterity or Intelligence (chosen at character generation).

Vampire

+2
ANY

[Average] size [Undead ] type

[Ghostwise sight] 45 ft

BONUS FEATS (choose one)

Blood Thirst Exit, Stage Left Breakneck Pace

Vampires feed on the blood of creatures that have it. Some are thoroughly demonic; some may have a conscience or even something like a soul. None are sparkly.
A vampire's Key Offensive Modifier is Dexterity, and its Key Defensive Modifier is Charisma.

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

141

Utter Brute

+2
CON

Size varies Type varies

[Darkvision]

BONUS FE AT

Weap onized

12
HP/LEVEL
CON
KOM

4
SKILLS
STR
KDM

Table 6-6 Utter Brute
Track Abilities

Level BAB
1 +1 2 +2 3 +3

Good Poor Fort
Save Save +2 +2 +0 +3 +3 +1 +4 +4 +1

4 +4 +4 +4 +2

5 +5 +5 +5 +2

6 +6 +6 +6 +3

7 +7 +6 +6 +3

8 +8 +7 +7 +4

9 +9 +8 +8 +4

10 +10 +8 +8 +5

11 +11 +9 +9 +5

12 +12 +10 +10 +6

13 +13 +10 +10 +6

14 +14 +11 +11 +7

15 +15 +12 +12 +7

16 +16 +12 +12 +8

17 +17 +13 +13 +8

18 +18 +14 +14 +9

19 +19 +14 +14 +9

20 +20 +15 +15 +10

Utter Brute Uncivilized Unforgiving Unrelenting Unnatural Unspeakable Unbreakable Unstoppable

There exist a set of creatures more defined by their size and brutal nature than any other aspect. Ranging from giant bears to cyborg gnomes from hell, Utter Brutes can be [Small], [Average], or [Large]. An Utter Brute may be [Humanoid], [Giant], or [Magical beast]. These choices are permanent, established on their creation.
When this track offers you a choice of several abilities, the choice you make is permanent.

This track provides some fury bonuses, which stack with other fury bonuses from this track. At the beginning of your turn, you may choose not to benefit from fury bonuses to attack rolls, damage and save DCs until the beginning of your next turn. Attacks and abilities that benefit from a fury bonus to attack rolls, damage or save DCs cannot also deal damage with the [Precision] descriptor.
1st Circle ­ UncivilizedEX: You gain a [Melee] natural weapon with the [Brutal 2] and [Reach] properties. In addition, select one of the following abilities:
»» Defender: You gain a bonus that is both fury and item to Armor Class equal to the higher of +2 or the number of circles of Utter Brute you possess.
»» Attacker: You gain a bonus that is both fury and item to your attack rolls equal to the number of circles of Utter Brute you possess.
2nd Circle ­ UnforgivingEX: The first time you hit with an attack each [Round], after dealing damage, you deal [HP reduction] equal to that amount of damage, up to your character level. In addition, once per [Encounter], as you die, you may take a standard action. You're still [Dead], so healing won't help you, and you can't activate abilities to resurrect yourself if you opt to activate Unforgiving. Triggered abilities with no action cost may be activated instead of the standard action.
3rd Circle ­ UnrelentingEX: At the beginning of your turn, you may move 5 ft. At the end of your turn, you may move 5 ft. Effects and conditions other than [Dead] that prevent movement do not prevent this. If you are [Grappled], or [Pinned], this

142

movement causes the creature grappling or pinning you to move 5 ft in the same direction, and does not end the [Grappled] or [Pinned] condition. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity.

7th Circle ­ UnstoppableEX: You gain [Immunity] to [Unconscious] and [Dying], though you still die at -(Constitution) HP.
Additionally, every time you hit an opponent with an attack, that opponent is pushed back 5 ft.

4th Circle ­ UnnaturalEX: Select a set of bonuses from the following. These bonuses are fury bonuses.
»» Soldier: You gain a +3 bonus to attack rolls and Fortitude saves, a bonus to your maximum hit points equal to +3 per level, and a +10 ft bonus to your movement speed.
»» Striker: You gain a +3 bonus to attack rolls and Fortitude saves, a bonus to your maximum hit points equal to +3 per level, and a +5 ft bonus to your [Melee] range.
»» Skirmisher: You gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls and Fortitude saves, a bonus to your maximum hit points equal to +1 per level, a +15 ft bonus to your movement speed, and a +5 ft bonus to your [Melee] range.

5th Circle ­ UnrelentingEX: Choose two of the following abilities (these choices are permanent):
»» Flight: You gain the Fly movement mode. »» Focus: You can eavesdrop on telepathic com-
munication if any participant is within [Close] range. »» Flexibility: Your [Melee] range is increased by 10 ft. »» Flesh: You gain [Fast healing] equal to your character level.

6th Circle ­ UnbreakableEX: You gain [Immunity] to two of the following: [Stunned], [Dazed], [Prone], [Slowed], [Fear] effects (this includes [Shaken], [Frightened], [Panicked] and [Cowering]).

Chapter VI: Additional Tracks

143

CHAPTER
VIISkills
While your character's class represents a specialization, and generally defines how they approach combat, skills model their general body of knowledge and supplementary abilities that many adventurers have in common. Two rangers with the same tracks may play very differently if one focuses on sneaking around and sabotaging things, and the other relies on sharp senses and a vast knowledge of different creatures to bring down his enemies.
How to Use Skills
To make a skill check, roll: 1d20 + skill modifier. Your skill modifier for a given skill is equal to skill rank + ability modifier + any miscellaneous modifiers. This roll works just like an attack roll or a saving throw ­ the higher the roll, the better. Either you're trying to match or exceed a certain Difficulty Class (DC), or you're trying to beat another character's check result.
Generally speaking, skill checks in your campaign should require a d20 roll of 10 to 12 for an average character who's trained that skill. If the GM wants to implement a particularly challenging situation, the DC might require a result of 14-17 for an average character who's trained that skill. For example, a DC 15 challenge is a fairly
144

reasonable typical challenge for a 1st- or 2nd-level character (1 or 2 ranks +3 stat means that the character needs a 10 or 11 to succeed). A DC 20 challenge is quite difficult for a 2nd-level character, but fairly typical for a 4th-level character. A DC 30 check is a serious challenge for a typical 10th-level character, and even a 12th-level character who is heavily optimized for a specific skill will find a DC 35 check difficult to reliably make.
In each skill entry, some tasks are given, with a normal DC for achieving that task. The game is written and balanced around these DCs; however, no list of tasks could be exhaustive and the GM should use his or her discretion in deciding where a given task falls in the DC range. Beyond DC 35, we have not consistently provided representative tasks, but GMs should use imagination to come up with suitably epic challenges at higher levels. It should be noted that without a substantial focus in a specific skill and the aid of party members, even a 20th-level character will not be able to reach DC 50 with any degree of reliability, so obviously DCs should generally cap out at 50 for the most absurd extrapolation of a skill that you can imagine.
We generally place a greater value on speed and simplicity in terms of skill use than on the strict simulation of a challenge. As a result, we tend to prefer an environment where the GM says "Make an Athletics check to climb the cliff " to an environment where the GM says "Okay, your turn, make a Climb check to move this round." For this reason, we suggest that in situations where the PCs are dealing with primarily environmental hazards (as opposed to rolling against an opponent), skill checks of the same skill should be kept down to one per challenge, or two or three if there

are logically different steps to the challenge (such as picking a lock, then disarming a trap, then opening a safe, all of which are Larceny checks). Notes regarding this general principle are placed in specific skill descriptions as an aid to GMs.
Trained Skills and Skill Ranks
You either have a skill trained, or you don't. You choose trained skills at 1st level, as covered in Chapter II. Trained skills have a skill rank equal to your level; untrained skills have no rank. A character's number of ranks in a skill is equal to the character's level. Many skills can be used even if the character has no ranks in them; doing this is called making an untrained skill check.
Ability Modifier
The ability modifier used in a skill check is the modifier for the skill's key ability (the ability associated with the skill's use). The key ability of each skill is noted in its description.
Miscellaneous Modifiers
Miscellaneous modifiers include racial bonuses, bonuses from active magical effects or items, and bonuses provided by feats, among others.
Physical Skills
Acrobatics (Dex)
Acrobatics is your character's ability to jump, tumble, and roll around or over obstacles. This includes obstacles that want to stab you. You also use Acrobatics to determine your ability to balance on things that you normally couldn't balance on. For purposes of dealing with environmental

Chapter VII: Skills

145

hazards, one Acrobatics check should generally be enough unless something happens to increase the difficulty of that check; for purposes of combat, one check should generally be needed for each [Round] in which you attempt to use a function of the Acrobatics skill.
»» Moving Through Threatened Areas: If you wish to avoid provoking attacks of opportunity from moving through a creature's threatened area, you may make an Acrobatics check (DC equal to 10 + your opponent's BAB + your opponent's KOM) when you enter its threatened area. This DC is increased by 10 for areas within that opponent's occupied square(s). Success means you do not provoke an attack of opportunity; failure means you provoke an attack of opportunity but can still move normally (aside from any consequences of the attack).
»» Moving Through Occupied Squares: As part of a move action, you may make an Acrobatics check (DC equal to 15 + your opponent's BAB + your opponent's KOM) to enter a square occupied by an opponent who can target you with melee attacks. This does not allow you to end movement in that square.
»» Surprising an Opponent: As part of a move action, you can halve your movement speed and make an Acrobatics check with a DC equal to an opponent's Armor Class. If you succeed, your opponent loses track of you and is [Flat-footed] against any attacks you make on your turn. If you attempted to avoid an attack of opportunity as part of the same move action, don't make two Acrobatics checks ­ compare the same
146

check to each DC and determine the results separately. »» Balancing: YIf you would suffer a Trivial Fall, Hazardous Fall, or Dramatic Plunge, you may make a Balance check instead, with a DC chosen by the GM that corresponds to a surface or object that you can use to keep from falling. If you succeed, you gain the Fly movement mode for one [Round]. (You may immediately use a free action to lift off, gaining the [Flying] condition.) A few representative objects, with appropriate DCs, follow: DC 10: Slick floor in a grocery store. The
kind that require signs so people don't slip and hurt themselves. Alternatively, an oil slick on a road. DC 15: Icy rock. DC 20: Rain-slick precipice of darkness, or an inch-thick tree branch. DC 25: The point of a spear (obviously, without being impaled). This cannot get you un-stabbed if someone successfully attacks you. DC 30: The grains of sand in a desert storm. DC 35: Clouds. »» Jumping: Once per [Round], you may make an Acrobatics skill check to jump over an obstacle or jump high into the air. DC 10: Cross a fast stream without getting your boots wet. DC 15: Jump from one roof to another, with a narrow alley separating them. DC 20: Jump from one roof to another, across a street. Alternatively, vault an ogre-proof fence. DC 25: Leap onto the back of a charging war elephant. You gain the Fly movement

mode for one [Round] (You may immediately use a free action to lift off, gaining the [Flying] condition.). At the beginning of your turn, if you are [Flying] and do not possess the Fly movement mode, you suffer a Trivial Fall, Hazardous Fall, or Dramatic Plunge, as determined by the GM. You may not make a new Acrobatics check to continue your flight without something to jump from. DC 30: Leap onto a flying skeletal dragon to confront the lich riding it. Ideally, have some way to get back down in an emergency. You gain the Fly movement mode for two [Rounds]. (You may immediately use a free action to lift off, gaining the [Flying] condition.) At the beginning of your turn, if you are [Flying] and do not possess the Fly movement mode, you suffer a Trivial Fall, Hazardous Fall, or Dramatic Plunge, as determined by the GM. DC 35: "Neo's doing his Superman thing again." You gain [Flying] for 3 [Rounds]. You may not make new Acrobatics checks to continue your flight without something to jump from, but if you fail you fall and take 5d6 damage." with "You gain the Fly movement mode for three [Rounds]. (You may immediately use a free action to lift off, gaining the [Flying] condition.) At the beginning of your turn, if you are [Flying] and do not possess the Fly movement mode, you suffer a Trivial Fall, Hazardous Fall, or Dramatic Plunge, as determined by the GM.

Athletics (Str)
Athletics represents your character's ability to climb and swim. Since all of these can get you into pretty inhospitable areas, high-level athletes also learn to do things like holding their breath for absurd periods of time.
»» Breaking Restraints: With a successful Athletics check, you can break out of physical restraints, such as handcuffs or chains. Breaking out of restraints normally takes 2 [Rounds] of effort, but you can reduce the DC by 2 by taking 5 [Rounds] to attempt to break out, or you can attempt to break out as a standard action if you increase the DC by 5. Some examples of bindings, with appropriate DCs, follow: DC 10: Hastily tied ropes. DC 15: Handcuffs or light manacles. DC 20: Steel-reinforced straight jacket. DC 25: Runed adamantine manacles. DC 30: Form-fitted stone or ice. DC 35: The crushing gravity of a prison world.
»» Climbing: Once per [Round], you may make an Athletics skill check to begin climbing an obstacle, surface, or even air at half of your normal movement speed. Generally speaking, one check is good enough for a given surface, unless something happens to increase the difficulty of climbing. If your check exceeds the DC of the task by 5 or more, you can move at your full speed. A few representative climbing surfaces, with appropriate DCs, follow: DC 10: A steep rocky slope with frequent handholds and footholds and no rattlesnakes at all. DC 15: A smooth tree with very few branches.

Chapter VII: Skills

147

DC 20: The outside of a castle wall, in the dead of night.
DC 25: An overhanging defensive wall kept artificially slick and equipped with fake handholds.
DC 30: The outside twigs of a never-ending world tree. You can climb the air itself, gaining the Fly movement mode for one [Round]. (You may immediately use a free action to lift off, gaining the [Flying] condition.) At the beginning of your turn, if you are [Flying], do not possess the Fly movement mode, and you gained the Fly movement mode as the result of an Athletics skill check within the last one [Round], you must make another successful Athletics skill check to gain the Fly movement mode again or suffer a Trivial Fall, Hazardous Fall, or Dramatic Plunge, as determined by the GM.
DC 35: Falling snowflakes. You gain the Fly movement mode for three [Rounds]. (You may immediately use a free action to lift off, gaining the [Flying] condition.) At the beginning of your turn, if you are [Flying], do not possess the Fly movement mode, and you gained the Fly movement mode as the result of an Athletics skill check within the last three [Rounds], you must make another successful Athletics skill check to gain the Fly movement mode again or suffer a Trivial Fall, Hazardous Fall, or Dramatic Plunge, as determined by the GM..
»» Swimming: With a successful Athletics check, you can move through a liquid medium at
148

half of your normal speed, or surface from [Swimming] as a move action. Generally speaking, one check is good enough for a given medium, unless something happens to impede your ability to swim. If your check exceeds the DC of the task by 5 or more, you can move at your full speed. A few representative environments, with appropriate DCs, follow: DC 10: A calm pool of cool water. DC 15: A cold mountain river. DC 20: Frigid river rapids. DC 25: An underwater whirlpool with un-
predictable outside currents. DC 30: A death trap deep within the under-
water Sahuagin sanctum. DC 35: The leading edge of a tsunami. »» Scaling Bonuses: Your training gives you certain bonuses when you have a given number of ranks in Athletics. All of these abilities are considered extraordinary abilities. 1 rank: You gain a bonus to your movement
speed equal to 5 ft, plus an additional 5 ft per 5 ranks you have in Athletics. 5 ranks: You take no damage from extreme hot or cold weather. 10 ranks: If your game uses the Suffocation environmental effect, you can hold your breath for 1 minute per point of Constitution, or for 1 [Round] per point of Constitution in a hard vacuum before you begin suffocating. 15 ranks: You are not damaged by even the most extreme environmental hazards, and automatically succeed on saves against environmental hazards.

Larceny (Dex)
Larceny is your character's ability to commit acts of burglary, to disable traps or sabotage equipment, and to perform sleight-of-hand tricks.
»» Burglary: With a successful Larceny check, you can open a lock on a door or safe, non-destructively open a window, or perform similar feats. Practically any of these tasks can be accomplished without a Larceny check by destroying the lock or the material around the lock; however, Larceny checks allow you to subvert any failsafes and accomplish your task without leaving a pile of debris. Generally speaking, there should not be more than two or three Larceny checks of this type required for a given "job." If an investigator uses the Perception skill, the DC to detect the forced entry is equal to the result of your Larceny check; exceeding the DC by 5 or more means that the investigator finds a clue that could point to you. A few representative obstacles follow: DC 10: A simple, poorly secured window or gate latch. DC 15: The lock on an old treasure chest, or a rusty lock on a door. DC 20: A well-made mechanical lock, or a simple magitech combination. DC 25: A well-made and advanced mechanical lock, such as a real-world 20th Century combination lock, or a magitech lock with basic security countermeasures. DC 30: A magitech lock with personal identification capabilities. DC 35: A magitech lock keyed to biological parts of a specific individual or group of individuals.
Chapter VII: Skills

»» Disable Device: This function is basically identical to the burglary function in terms of DCs, but allows you to jam a device or even cause it to injure the user. It is, of course, possible to destroy devices without using the Larceny skill; however, this skill allows you to subtly alter a device so it stops functioning. If you rig a device to harm the user, the Larceny DC increases by 2, and the modifications can be spotted with a Perception check with a DC equal to the result of your Larceny check. A Perception check exceeding your Larceny check by 5 or more means that a clue is spotted that could point to the person who caused the malfunction. A few representative devices, with appropriate DCs, follow: DC 10: The wheel of a wagon. DC 15: The firing mechanism of a crossbow. DC 20: The steering mechanism of a ship, possibly including magitech parts. Alternatively, the trigger mechanism of a magic wand. DC 25: The mechanism of a watch, or the magical components of a scrying device. DC 30: A magitech information-storing terminal. DC 35: The decision-making cortex of a golem or other magitech automaton.
»» Escape Artist: With a successful Larceny check, you can worm your way out of physical restraints, such as handcuffs or chains, on your character. Escaping restraints normally takes 2 [Rounds] of effort, but you can reduce the DC by 2 by taking 5 [Rounds] to attempt to escape, or you can attempt to escape as a standard action if you increase the DC by 5.
149

DC 10: An ad-hoc web of belts. DC 15: A cloth straight jacket. DC 20: Globs and globs of sticky ectoplasm. DC 25: An "inescapable" iron box filled with
water. DC 30: Web of the Spider Queen. DC 35: The mystic seal meant to bar your
glorious return. »» Sleight of Hand: You use this function to pick
someone's pocket, conceal an object or weapon on your person, or do magic tricks on street corners. It is always evaluated as a check against a character's Awareness defense (10 + the creature's level + the creature's Wisdom modifier). Picking someone's pocket is a standard action. Your Larceny check takes a -5 penalty to conceal a weapon from a hand search. »» Trap-setting: When setting a trap (such as the ones made available in the ranger's Professional Soldier track), you can attempt to conceal the trap with a Larceny check (the DC is the Awareness defense of anyone who approaches within 10 ft of the trap). People who are actively searching for traps may make a Perception check, with the result equal to the DC of your Larceny check.

of a move action. You retain that check's result until the end of the [Encounter], until you take an offensive action, or you roll another Stealth check.
Each [Round], including the [Round] you make your Stealth check, the result of your check is modified by several factors listed below. If your opponent's Awareness exceeds your modified check result at any time (even after you make the check), your opponent detects you.
The following modifiers are cumulative to all Stealth checks over the course of an [Encounter], but may never exceed +5:
»» Each time after you take an offensive action, you suffer a -5 penalty.
»» Each time after you cast a spell that is not an offensive action, use a spell-like or supernatural ability that is not an offensive action, or use an interaction skill, you suffer a -2 penalty.
»»You gain a +1 bonus for each range category beyond your opponent's [Close] range you are from that opponent.
»» You gain a bonus equal to +2 after each consecutive [Round] in which you haven't moved.
»»You suffer a -2 penalty if you move more than half your movement speed with a single movement, after that movement.

Stealth (Dex)
The Stealth skill represents your character's ability to avoid detection by other creatures. It is evaluated as a roll against a creature's Awareness defense, and if it succeeds, the creature cannot establish a line of sight to you.
Once per [Round], if you are [Concealed], [Fully concealed], or out of line of sight from all opponents, you can make a Stealth check as part

Ride (Dex)
Ride is your character's ability to effectively use riding animals or vehicles in combat. A character may occupy only one mount at any given time. While any creature can control a mount out of combat, you have a knack for driving while rockets or javelins are flying in your direction.
»» Personal Mount: Characters trained in the Ride skill have access to a single mount with a

150

movement speed equal to their own speed + 10 ft at the beginning of each [Scene]. By default, a mount is a simple mundane ride, like a horse or motorcycle. Your GM must agree to the size of any mount larger than 2 squares by 2 squares. Mounts are further detailed in Chapter IX, and can be upgraded with magic items detailed in Chapter XIII. »» Battle Rider: You can control a mount in combat while you are its rider; whenever you would move, you move the mount (and all its occupants) instead. As a free action, you may use any special movement modes the mount possesses. While you are a mount's rider, it can benefit from any skill checks related to movement, such as Acrobatics, that you make. You remain the mount's rider unless you are knocked [Unconscious], or you voluntarily give up control as a free action. A mount can only have a single rider, and a riderless mount stops functioning and stays in one place until it has a rider again. »» Daredevil: While mounted, you can avoid provoking attacks of opportunity from moving through a creature's threatened area. Make a successful Ride check (DC equal to 10 + your opponent's BAB + your opponent's KOM) to avoid provoking an attack of opportunity; failure means you provoke an attack of opportunity but can still move normally (aside from any consequences of the attack). You also have access to the following special moves: DC 15: Climb onto or off of a mount as part
of a move action without provoking an attack of opportunity, rather than as a move action that provokes.

DC 20: As a swift action, increase your mount's movement speed by 20 ft for its next movement this [Round]. For every 5 points by which you exceed this DC, you can increase your mount's movement speed by an additional 5 ft.
DC 25: As part of a move action, dismount any willing allies occupying your mount, deploying them in your choice of unoccupied squares adjacent to the mount.
Vigor (Con)
Vigor lies somewhere between raw physical toughness, hearty vim, and iron-skulled grit: the ability to buckle down, cool your head, calm your heart, and unflinchingly take the best the world can throw at you.
»» Vitality: You can prepare for pain with a surge of temporary hit points, and eventually to bounce back from more severe injuries and push through debilitating conditions. You can make this check as part of a move action, comparing your result to the list of DCs below to determine its benefits. All temporary HP and [Fast healing] gained from this skill are lost at the beginning of an [Encounter]. Temporary HP gained from this skill stacks with other sources of temporary HP, but not itself, up to a maximum of half your normal maximum HP. [Fast healing] gained from this skill stacks with other sources of [Fast healing], but not itself. DC 15: You gain 5 temporary HP. DC 20: You gain 10 temporary HP. DC 25: You gain 10 temporary HP, and [Fast healing] 5 for one [Round].

Chapter VII: Skills

151

DC 30: You gain 15 temporary HP, and [Fast healing] 5 for two [Rounds].
DC 35: You gain 15 temporary HP, [Fast healing] 10 for two [Rounds], and you may delay any one condition that is currently affecting you for 1 [Round]: it has no effect and its duration does not change for 1 [Round]. Any condition delayed this way may not be delayed again until the end of the [Encounter].
DC 40: You gain 20 temporary HP, [Fast healing] 10 for three [Rounds], and you may delay any one condition that is currently affecting you for 1 [Round]: it has no effect and its duration does not change for 1 [Round]. Any condition delayed this way may not be delayed again until the end of the [Encounter].
DC 45: As DC 40, and you may also remove one condition from yourself from the following list: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Confused], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Energy drained], [Exhausted], [Fatigued], [Nauseated], [Burning], [Shaken], [Sickened], or [Slowed ].
»» Scaling Bonuses: Your skill at absorbing blows gives you certain bonuses when you have a given number of ranks in Vigor. All of these abilities are considered extraordinary abilities. 5 ranks: Whenever an effect other than [Fast healing] would heal you any amount of hit points, it heals you that many hit points plus five instead. 10 ranks: The [Damage reduction] you gain from Constitution is now equal to your

A Note on Identifying Effects: GMs, it is up to you as to how often you withhold information, and how much, about the abilities you fling at your players. Players, it is up to you to determine how often you need to know more about what hit you in the face, beyond how much it hurts. Many effects are thrown around in Legend, so please keep that in mind when deciding to attempt identifying an effect.
Constitution modifier instead of half of your Constitution modifier. 15 ranks: Whenever you would suffer any number of points of [HP reduction], except from any ability you use, you suffer that many points of [HP reduction] minus five instead.
Knowledge Skills
All knowledge skills have a primary function ­ identifying creatures, objects, and devices. Each knowledge skill represents a general category, something like an academic department at a university. Certain feats and class features allow you to use successful knowledge checks to gain mechanical bonuses against your opponents in a combat, in addition to the tactical advantages of knowing a monster's mechanical strengths and weaknesses. Finally, each knowledge skill has specific uses in its general "field" that can affect the game world.
»» Identify Areature: As a swift action, you can make a Knowledge check to identify a creature. The DC for identifying a creature is equal to 10 + the creature's level; a successful check gives you a general idea of the creature's

152

Knowing Which Effects to Identify: At the GM's discretion, physical descriptions may be used to differentiate located effects (e.g. "You see a blue one and a green one"). If the GM does not want to divulge such specific information for free, the located effect to be identified may be chosen randomly.
Because different systems of randomization have different benefits we left the final choice up to the GM. A fast solution would be to assign each effect/ item a numerical value followed by rolling to see what the player identifies.
special powers. For each 5 points by which your Knowledge check exceeds the DC, you can ask a specific question about one of the creature's defenses or special attacks (such as a numerical value, or which defense is weakest). »» Identify Ability: You may identify an ability immediately after you see it used by making a Knowledge check (DC 10 + the level of creature that used the ability). This does not require an action. [Legendary] abilities add +2 to the DC. The Knowledge skill required for this check depends on the type of ability it is used to identify. Extraordinary abilities and abilities granted by a race, [Racial] feat, or racial track are identified with the Knowledge skill normally used to identify creatures of the user's type. Spells, supernatural, and spell-like abilities are identified with the Arcana skill.
Arcana (Int)
Arcana covers information about magic and spellcasting, along with technology based on or powered by magic.

»» Identification: Creatures with the [Aberration] or [Outsider] type.
»» Locate and Identify Magical Effects: As a move action, you may locate magical effects and magic items on a creature or square within your line of sight out to [Close] range by making an Arcana check (DC 15 + the level of the creature that created the effect or is attuned to the item). If you succeed, you may also use that that check to identify one magical effect or magic item you have located. For every 5 points by which your Arcana check exceeds the DC, you may identify another located effect or item with an equal or lower DC. You cannot use this skill magical effects with the [Figment] or [Glamer] descriptor.
»» Identify Located Effects: As a swift action, you can identify magical effects and magic items you have located on a creature or square within your line of sight by making a successful Arcana check (DC 10 + the level of the creature that created the effect or is attuned to the item). Effects that can only be activated by [Legendary] creatures add +2 to the DC. Apply this check to each effect or item being identified but determine the results separately.
Engineering (Int)
Engineering covers buildings, structures, and mechanical technology.
»» Identification: Creatures with the [Construct] type. »» Structural Repair: You can repair a fault in a
structure or device; or, if it's a particularly large structure or device that would require more than one person's work, you can at least figure out how to repair the fault and

Chapter VII: Skills

153

explain to others how to fix it. The DC is equal to the DC for identifying the fault +2. »» Structural Design: You can design a new mechanical device or advanced structure. Any implementation of your design requires GM approval. The DC is equal to identifying faults in a similar device +5. »» Identify Fault: You can identify faulty structural or mechanical engineering. If you examine a [Medium] or smaller device for 5 minutes, you can identify faults or sabotage in the device. A [Large] device must be examined for 15 minutes, and a [Huge] or larger device must be examined for an hour. DCs are outlined below. DC 10: You can identify faults in a basic me-
chanical device, such as a horse-drawn wagon. Structurally, you can identify faults in a livestock barn. DC 15: You can identify faults in a more complex mechanical device, such as a well-built crossbow or (if your setting has them) a double-action revolver. DC 20: You can identify faults in a highly complex mechanical device, such as a pocket watch or a self-propelling ship. Structurally, you can identify faults in a suspension bridge. DC 25: You can identify faults in the body parts of a golem or other [Construct]. Structurally, you can identify faults in large or particularly mobile structures, such as a submarine. DC 30: You can identify faults in the decision-making cortex of a golem or information terminal. You can identify faults in programmable or autonomous structures, such as a hovercar.

DC 35: You can identify faults in truly massive or complex systems, such as a flying city.
Geography (Int)
Geography covers exactly what it says on the label, including places where no one has gone before.
»» Identification: Creatures with the [Primordial] type.
»» Lay of the Land: You can use the Geography skill to locate special routes, recognize or find out about strange places, and anticipate hostile areas. DC 10: Travelers through the mountain road are often harassed by bandits. On one cliff, overhanging the road, villagers and caravan drivers alike have seen lights flicker and then go out. DC 15: The forest's trees grow in a unique pattern that allows elves to set up platforms high above the ground. These particular elves believe that "not-elves" are divinely ordained to serve as target practice, so caution is warranted. DC 20: The best way to reach the mountain fortress without aggravating the local giant population is to travel through a strangely-shifting network of ice tunnels. Somehow, you have a very good idea of which turns to take through the tunnels. DC 25: The old dwarven forge left lasting marks on the mountain. Somewhere in the mine tunnels, there is a dimensional overlap with the Plane of Elemental Fire. DC 30: Several map fragments suggest that a cluster of massive gems can be found deep inside a tunnel network within the Plane of Elemental Earth. In point

154

of fact, there is an entire city carved out of emeralds. DC 35: The emerald city is secretly ruled by a dragon illusionist with a mysterious hoard.
History (Int)
This the discipline of knowing what happened in the past, and sometimes why it happened. In a world with powerful monsters and heroes, the past is an important key to the present and future.
»» Identification: [Legendary] creatures. »» Dig Up the Past: You can come up with the details
of someone or something's past. Identifying and recognizing a [Legendary] creature, an important political figure such as the king or general of a large country, or historical details of a large city is done at the DCs given below. Identifying a significant, but less well-known individual or smaller city can be done at +2 DC. Identifying the past of a minor official or large town increases to +5 DC. An obscure individual or small town can be identified, but the DC is at a steep +7. DCs can be decreased at the GM's discretion if your character has some kind of local experience or knowledge. DC 10: You know the king and queen's
names, and the names of their parents. DC 15: You know the locations of a general's
major battles. DC 20: You know the wizard's favored spells
­ or, at least, the ones he's used in public. DC 25: You know what the king's secret
adviser has been doing behind closed doors. Maybe even the rumored glimpses of a scaly, gem-studded hide.

Alternatively, you know where to find the wizard's old and trusted apprentice. DC 30: You know the identity of the children who played a crucial part in the lich's transformation. DC 35: You can activate a legend lore effect on your target. This functions in all ways like the spell.
Medicine (Int)
Medicine covers the anatomy and physiology of creatures, including methods of putting them back together. Attempting to treat someone with the Medicine skill requires spending the required period of time in relative safety. If the medic or the person being healed are successfully attacked and damaged during the medical procedure, the attempt automatically fails.
»» Identification: Creatures with the [Humanoid], [Giant], and [Undead] type.
»» Heal Creature: You can restore the health of a creature with 0 or more hit points with 8 hours of care and a successful DC 10 Medicine check. A successful check heals 2 points for each level the patient has. You can increase the amount healed or decrease the amount of time required by meeting a higher Medicine DC, as detailed below. At each 5-point increment, you can also choose to use both of the improvements available at the previous increment (so a DC 20 check enables you to heal 3× your patient's level in 4 hours). DC 15: Increase amount of healing to 3× patient's level, or reduce time required to 4 hours. DC 20: Increase amount of healing to 4×

Chapter VII: Skills

155

patient's level, or reduce time required to 2 hours. DC 25: Increase amount of healing to 5× patient's level, or reduce time required to 1 hour. DC 30: Increase amount of healing to 6× patient's level, or reduce time required to half an hour. DC 35: Increase amount of healing to 7× patient's level, or reduce time required to a single 5-minute rest. DC 40: Heal 8× patient's level, or reduce time required to a standard action for you and a move action for the patient (both actions must be spent in the same [Round]'s time, and you must spend your standard action first). You must be adjacent to your patient when you spend your standard action. DC 45: Use both of the DC 40 improvements. »» Stabilize Dying Creature: You can make a [Dying] creature [Stable] with a standard action and a DC 20 Medicine check. »» Revive Unconscious Creature: You can awaken an [Unconscious] creature with 1 minute of care and a successful DC 15 Medicine check. »» Remove Harmful Condition: You can remove a harmful condition affecting a patient with a successful Medicine check. The DC is equal to the save DC of the effect that inflicted the condition. The time required is based on the duration of the condition; a duration measured in [Rounds] requires a move and a standard action, a duration measured in minutes requires a minute of care, a duration measured in hours requires an hour of

care, and a condition measured in days or longer requires eight hours of care. »» Revive Dead Creature: You can revive a creature that has been [Dead] for no longer than 1 hour per level with an hour of effort and a successful DC 30 Medicine check. You can revive a creature that has been [Dead] for no longer than 1 day per level with an hour of effort and a successful DC 35 Medicine check. Creatures who have been [Dead] for longer than that can be revived at the GM's discretion, but the DC may be even higher. At the GM's discretion, creatures who met an especially gruesome end may leave corpses that are too damaged to revive with this skill.
Nature (Int)
The Nature skill covers the knowledge of the environment and how to get through it without being eaten.
»» Identification: Creatures with the [Animal ], [Fey], [Magical beast], or [Plant] type.
»» Identify Hazard: You can identify environmental hazards of various sorts with enough time to make basic preparations to protect yourself and your allies. The DC increases based on the difficulty of identifying the hazard and the rarity of the hazard. The threats posed by each hazard are explained in Chapter XI. DC 10: Thunderstorm. DC 15: Flash flood. DC 20: Tornado. DC 25: Earthquake. DC 30: Eruption of a long-dormant volcano. DC 35: Magically-induced natural disaster.

156

»» Tracking: You can track or locate a creature with a successful Nature check. A successful tracking attempt allows you to follow a creature that is not using the Stealth skill. If the creature is within your line of sight, you may then immediately locate it. If the creature you are tracking is using the Stealth skill, you gain a +5 bonus to your Awareness defense against that creature's Stealth check. DC 10: Undisturbed tracks in moist (but not muddy) soil. DC 15: Tracks that have been trampled or otherwise disturbed. DC 20: Tracks that have been washed away by a storm. DC 25: Damaged grass left by halflings on the run. DC 30: Disturbed air currents left by a fleeing pixie. DC 35: You can activate a scrying effect on any pool of liquid or reflective surface crossed by your target. The scrying will target your intended quarry and functions exactly as the spell.
Interaction Skills
Interaction skills cover your character's ability to interact with other creatures and secure their cooperation (or at least reduce their ability to thwart your goals). In a combat encounter, each skill allows you to distract or counter opponents; in social encounters, each skill allows you to gain advantages in a negotiation, interrogation, or similar adversarial setting.

Bluff (Cha)
Bluff is your character's ability to deceive or misdirect another creature.
»» In a combat encounter, you can make a Bluff check as part of a move action to render an opponent within [Long] range [Flatfooted] against any attacks you make before the end of your turn.
»» In a social encounter, you can make a Bluff check when attempting to mislead your target about circumstances or capabilities.
In either case, the DC is equal to 10 + the level of the opponent + the opponent's Wisdom modifier.
Diplomacy (Cha)
Diplomacy is your character's ability to persuade another creature of your rightness or friendliness.
»» In a combat encounter, you can make a Diplomacy check as part of a move action to inflict a -2 penalty on the attack rolls of target opponent within [Long] range until the beginning of your next turn.
»» In a social encounter, you can make a Diplomacy check when attempting to induce cooperation by describing common goals, enemies, or values.
In either case, the DC is equal to 10 + the level of the opponent + the opponent's Intelligence modifier.
Intimidate (Cha)
Intimidate is your character's ability to coerce another creature into cooperation with you via direct or indirect threats.
»» In a combat encounter, you can make an Intimi date check as part of a move action to inflict a -1 penalty to the AC and saves of an

Chapter VII: Skills

157

opponent within [Long] range until the beginning of your next turn. »» In a social encounter, you can make an Intimidate check when attempting to win cooperation by threatening your opponent's interests or person. In either case, the DC is equal to 10 + the level of the opponent + the opponent's Charisma modifier.
Perception (Wis)
Perception is your character's ability to sense your surroundings and the intentions of your opponent.
You make Perception checks to detect traps or to observe your surroundings to detect clues or anomalies in your environment. Some abilities and vision modes also allow you to make a special Perception check to detect a creature or creatures using the Stealth skill; in such cases, the DC for your Perception check is 10 + the creature's total Stealth modifier. You can also use Perception to identify sabotage; in this case, the DC is equal to the Larceny result of the saboteur.
»» In a combat encounter, you can make a Perce ption check as part of a move action to inflict a -2 penalty to the saves of an opponent within [Long] range until the beginning of your next turn.
»» In a social encounter, you can make a Perception check when attempting to evaluate the truth of your opponent's claims and the vulnerabilities of your opponents.
In either case, the DC is equal to 10 + the level of the opponent + the opponent's Charisma modifier.
158

CHAPTER
VIIIFeats
Feats represent extra abilities that you pick up as you become more experienced. They can be used to enhance your track abilities, to shore up some weaknesses, or simply to customize your character further. If your character concept is a warrior with a signature magical ability, or a spellcaster who can surprise would-be "mage hunters" with a tricky attack using his staff, then feats are probably the best way
You gain two feats at 1st level (one regular feat and one bonus feat from your race) and gain new feats at level 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, and 18.
Some feats have prerequisites. You must satisfy the prerequisite ­ usually a level requirement or another feat ­ before you may select that feat. Should you somehow lose the prerequisites for a feat, it stops working until you regain the prerequisites.
Unless otherwise noted, a feat may only be taken once. You must meet the prerequisites for any feats you select at the level that you select them.
Remember that feat bonuses, like any bonuses of the same type, don't stack with one another.

Chapter VIII: Feats

159

General Feats
Arcantric Accuracy
You sap a fraction of the magical energies around you to make your attacks more precise. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: You gain a +2 feat bonus to attack rolls. Whenever you become the target of a spell or spell-like ability, this bonus increases by +1 until the end of the [Round], to a maximum of +5.
Baptized In Rage
You can conjure up the aether to hinder your opponents. Prerequisites: 9th level Benefit: Three times per [Scene], as an immediate action, all opponents within a 100 ft radius are [Entangled] for one [Round] by chains of aether. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Entangled] condition. This is a supernatural ability.
Battleforged
In an immensely painful operation, you were turned into a true killing machine. Benefit: You have armor and a weapon built into your body. You gain a permanent +2 item bonus to Armor Class, and gain your choice of a Melee or Ranged natural weapon with three weapon properties of your choice other than [Barbed] or [Quick-draw].
Bravado
You compensate for your recklessness in battle with an unshakable confidence that keeps you going. Prerequisites: Reaver

Benefit: Reaver can now grant bonuses up to +5. As an immediate action, you may lower that bonus by a point or even take a penalty, to a minimum of -2, to heal yourself by three times your KDM.
Breakneck Pace
You can get around the battlefield with great speed. Benefit: Your gain a +15 ft bonus to your movement speed.
By Will Sustained
You can exist on spiritual energy alone. Benefit: You no longer need food or water (or whatever nourishment you normally require), and gain [Immunity] to [Sickened]. At 10th level, you no longer need to sleep, you are not affected by Suffocation, and gain [Immunity] to the [Nauseated] condition.
Chatty Bugger
Your conversational skills may not be particularly smooth, but at least you are very persistent. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: You are able to acquire a new language after only a few days of exposure, and gain the ability to converse freely with just about anything of at least animal intelligence. This does not extend to mindless or deeply alien creatures.
Further, the DC of social skill checks made against you increases by 1.
Cheerful Hemoglobin
Your blood is quite happy where it is. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: You gain [Fast healing] 5, and [Immunity] to [Bleeding].

160

Damage Specialization
Your combat style emphasizes powerful blows. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: Whenever you deal damage with an attack, you deal additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor equal to your KOM.
Drink Deep
You have fully mastered the mysterious powers of the legendary Drunken Monks. Prerequisites: 12th level, Livers Need Not Apply Benefit: As a swift action, up to twice per [Encounter], you may spend up to 3 drinks from the Livers Need Not Apply feat on that feat's effect or the effects of any feats for which the Livers Need Not Apply feat is a prerequisite, dividing the drinks as you choose between any feats you possess.
Elemental Specialization
You are skilled at using elemental magic to destroy your enemies. Prerequisites: Spellcasting track Benefit: Spells you cast that deal elemental damage deal additional elemental damage equal to your character level. This does not include spells that only add bonus damage.
Esoteric Adept
You understand the importance of having a versatile set of spells, and have studied a wide variety of sources to expand your knowledge. Prerequisites: 6th level, spellcasting track Benefit: You may choose a single spell up to one circle lower than your highest circle in a spellcasting track from any casting list and add it to your list of spells known for a single spellcasting track. This choice is permanent.

Special: You may take this feat multiple times. Each time, you choose a different spell.
Exit, Stage Left
A swift flanking maneuver or escape is a powerful asset in combat. Prerequisites: 1st level only Benefit: Once per [Encounter], you may trade a swift action for a move action. At 9th level, you may use this one additional time per [Encounter].
Feign Death
You learn to "play dead", but with such precision and skill that you can fool even the keenest eye. Prerequisites: 1st or 3rd level only Benefit: As an immediate action, you may attempt to convince all observers that you are [Dead]. You enter a state where it is very difficult to establish your life-signs, but you remain conscious. This effect has a duration of two minutes per character level, and you also fool Divination effects of 4th circle or lower. When this state is ended, you cannot attempt it again for 5 minutes.
Floating Feat
You have a flexible mind that lets you come up with one surprising technique after another. Prerequisites: 3rd level only Benefit: Select one of your other feats that you did not gain from an item, other than the Guild Initiation feat. You lose that feat, and replace it with an empty feat slot. At the beginning of each [Scene], you may pick any feat you qualify for to fill that slot, other than the Guild Initiation feat, as though you had just gained a new feat from leveling up. You must still meet all qualifications for your new feat, you lose the feat that previously

Chapter VIII: Feats

161

filled that slot, and any old feats that you cease to qualify for become inactive. Inactive feats no longer give their benefit and do not qualify you for other feats until you once again qualify for them.
At 12th level, you may choose a second feat you possess that you did not gain from this feat or an item other than the Guild Initiation feat and replace it with a second feat slot. You may pick a feat to fill each slot at the beginning of each [Scene]. You must still meet all qualifications for any feats you pick this way.
Glyphweave Adept
Spells you cast have fundamentally different appearances, but the changes also extend all the way down into how and what you cast. Prerequisites: Spellcasting track Benefit: Whenever you cast a spell using a spell slot of a higher circle than the spell's circle, you treat that spell as if it were an effect of the circle of that spell slot. In addition, Arcana checks made to identify your spells have their DCs increased by +5.

Into The Breach
You can strategically position your allies. Prerequisites: Shadow Blink or The Sky Empties Benefit: As a standard action, you may [Teleport] one other ally within [Close] range up to your [Close] range in any direction from their current position. If this would place them within their [Melee] range of an opponent, that ally may take a single attack action.
Livers Need Not Apply
Prolonged drinking has inexplicably altered your body to gain strength from alcohol. Prerequisites: Constitution 14, must not possess The Bitter Dregs Benefit: You no longer suffer any negative effects from drinking alcohol, and can consume one drink as a move action. In fact, you can store two drinks inside you for future use, and one additional drink for each point of Constitution modifier you possess. You may, at any time, expend one of these stored drinks as a move action. Doing so allows you to recover 1d4 HP per character level.

Guild Initiation
Affiliation with an organization offers you the prospect of learning different abilities. Benefit: You may exchange one of your tracks for another track, as per multiclassing. This swap is retroactive, and so replaces abilities you have already acquired. If this swap makes you ineligible for any feats or simply renders a feat irrelevant, you may retrain these feats. You cannot exchange a racial track if you also have its associated racial class statistics. Special: You may take this feat with your Racial feat slot, regardless of what race you are.

Manyspell Magus
You can break down spells into their very essence, and recombine them into new magical effects. Prerequisites: Glyphweave Adept, 9th level Benefit: As a swift action, you may spend a spell slot of any circle and gain spell points equal to twice that circle, which last until spent or until the end of the [Scene]. Instead of expending a spell slot, you may spend one point per circle of the spell you wish to cast in order to cast it. Spells cast this way can never be of a higher circle than what you could have have cast 5 character levels ago.

162

Multiclass Flexibility
You have an unusual combination of abilities. Prerequisites: Must have multiclassed, taken Guild Initiation, or taken the Full Buy-In option Benefit: Select a new ability score for calculating the benefits from all circles of one of your tracks. For example, a tactician who gained the shaman's Spellcasting track could take this feat and base all aspects of the shaman's Spellcasting track on Intelligence rather than Wisdom. Special: You may take this feat with your Racial feat slot, regardless of what race you are.
My Shadow Grows Long
Your shadow possesses an unnaturally geometrical bent, and the hard lines of your silhouette stretch out to bizarre lengths. Prerequisites: The Sun Grows Dim Benefit: By giving substance and direction to your distended shadow, you may yet reach your victims. Once per [Round], when you would make a melee attack, you may make that same attack as a ranged attack at up to [Close] range that does not provoke attacks of opportunity instead. At 10th level, you may use this ability twice per [Round].

last 4 hours. At 9th level, you gain perfect clarity regarding the last 15 minutes, detailed information about the last 30 minutes, and a solid idea of the last 12 hours. At 12th level, you may instead opt for a brief history of the object's last 4 years, containing little more than a name or three, and any truly important events it was involved in.
Open Greater Binding
Your powerful essence allows you to attune to an additional magic item of even greater power. Prerequisites: Open Lesser Binding, 12th level Benefit: You can equip an additional Greater item.
Open Lesser Binding
Through wealth, personal power, or crafting knowledge, you have acquired an additional magic item you can attune to. Benefit: You can equip an additional Lesser item.
Optimistic Viscera
Your interior portions are sure today is going to be a good day. Benefit: You gain 1 additional HP per level and a +1 feat bonus to all saving throws.

Objective Analysis
It's an object, alright? Prerequisites: GM Approval. Ask first. Nicely. Benefit: By examining an object for 5 minutes, you may perform a minor divination regarding the recent history of the object. You gain access to information about what the object was used for within the last 45 minutes, with a fair level of detail. At 3rd level, your visions stretch back 2 hours. At 6th level, you gain detailed information about the last 15 minutes, and a fair amount of detail about the

Reaver
Your bloodlust is intoxicating, spurring you on to claim more lives with every kill you make. Prerequisites: Must not possess Livers Need Not Apply Benefit: You gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls and armor class for every enemy whom you have killed in the current [Encounter]. This bonus can never exceed +4. Creatures who are more than three levels lower than you do not count.

Chapter VIII: Feats

163

Recon
You are never caught completely unawares. Benefit: At the beginning of each [Encounter], before the first [Round], each ally may make a 5 ft step, even if that ally is surprised. At 6th level, this increases to two 5 ft steps for you only.
Reprisal
Seeing your allies injured fills you with anger. Prerequisites: Reaver Benefit: You are healed twice your character level whenever an ally other than you is dropped below half their maximum hit points. When this occurs, your bonus from Reaver increases by +1 as though you had slain an opponent. This feat can only trigger four times per [Encounter].
Ruinous Charge
Walls are merely a distraction that you have learned to ignore. Prerequisites: 12th level, Strength as KOM or KDM, GM Approval (Ask first. Nicely) Benefit: You can use the Charge combat maneuver to barrel straight through most mundane material in the way of your movement, up to iron and lowgrade steel (this does not include creatures and their equipment), leaving a shattered mess behind you. A hole is left behind you that anyone of your size or smaller could move through.
In addition, you gain the Burrow movement mode.
Rune Magic
You have learned the ancient written magic of the dwarves. Prerequisites: Spellcasting track Benefit: As a standard action, if you do not already

have an active spelltrap spread, or if you are 10th level or higher and have no more than one active spelltrap spread, you may spend a spell slot of any circle. If you do, choose a spell you know of that circle or lower. Make all decisions for that spell as if you had cast the spell, except if that spell targets one or more creatures or squares, do not decide its targets at this time. You create a 10 ft radius spelltrap spread originating from an adjacent square of your choice, which lasts and remains active until it is discharged. This counts as casting a spell for the purposes of provoking attacks of opportunity.
When an opponent begins its turn in or enters the spread, you may cast the chosen spell without provoking attacks of opportunity and without spending a spell slot as though you occupied a square of your choice in the spread, using the decisions you made for when you created the spread, and the spread is discharged. If that spell targets one or more creatures or squares, you decide its targets at this time, with the following exceptions: if the spell targets one or more creatures, you must choose the opponent that triggered your spread as a target of the spell if possible; and if the spell targets one or more squares, you must choose one square that opponent occupies as a target of the spell if possible. This spread may be detected or disarmed as if it were a trap with an EL equal to your level.
Senseshift Adept
Your senses are atypical and not easily dulled. The ability to manipulate them comes naturally to you. Benefit: You can manipulate your senses. This might allow you to peer around a corner with your fingertips, examine the inside of a lock with your hairs, listen with your feet, taste things you touch

164

with your palms, or manipulate any other sense you would normally have.
In addition, you gain [Immunity] to [Dazzled] and [Deafened] and a +2 feat bonus to Awareness.
At 8th level, you gain [Immunity] to [Blinded] unless you possess the Justice, Blind feat or other abilities that require you to stay [Blinded].
Senseshift Magus
You have solved the age-old problem of what to do with the person you've disguised yourself as. Prerequisites: 6th level, Senseshift Adept Benefit: As a standard action, you may swap locations and appearances with an unwilling target within [Close] range. A successful Will save (DC 10+ ½ your level + your KOM) negates this effect. This is a spell-like ability and a [Teleport] effect, and may only be used once per [Scene]. The alteration of appearance lasts until the end of the [Scene], and is perfectly exact and entirely cosmetic. You cannot target creatures more than two size categories larger than you with this ability.
Seven Drunken Immortals
You gain the ability to summon the healing spirits of spirits. Prerequisites: Livers Need Not Apply Benefit: As a move action, you may spend three drinks from the Livers Need Not Apply feat to heal each ally within [Close] range 1d4+1 HP per character level you possess.
Small Concessions
You are a shrewd negotiator who can turn compromises to your advantage. Benefit: Once per social encounter, you may grant all involved parties a single token each.

Slow and Steady
You are exceptionally stable on your feet, and can regain your footing after a momentary stumble. Prerequisites: 1st level only Benefit: If you would suffer the [Prone] condition, you may instead suffer a penalty equal to half of your movement speed to your movement speed for one [Round].
Spirited Strength
That which does not kill you only makes you stronger. Prerequisites: Livers Need Not Apply, 9th level Benefit: As a swift action, you may spend a drink from the Livers Need Not Apply feat to gain a +1 fury bonus to attack and damage rolls, which stacks with itself, up to a maximum of +5. The bonus does not stack with other fury bonuses, and lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
Summon Mote
A tiny companion assists you in your adventures. Benefit: You are followed at all times by a mote: a tiny, cheerful, malevolent spirit of your own devising. Once per [Round], as a free action, if you and the mote have line of effect to target square, you may move the mote to target square within 80 ft of you. You gain line of sight from the mote's square. Whenever you are further than 80 ft away from the mote, it instantly disappears and reappears in an adjacent square of your choice. As a move action, part of a move action, or swift action, if the mote is within your [Melee] range of a weapon that is not wielded or otherwise carried by a creature, you may pick it up and switch to that weapon without provoking an attack of opportunity.
At 4th level, your mote begins each [Encounter] with 15 mote points. As an immediate action, as

Chapter VIII: Feats

165

long as the mote has 1 or more mote points, you may subtract a number of mote points from the mote and heal HP equal to that amount.
At 8th level, your mote begins each [Encounter] with 30 mote points instead of 15 mote points. Once per [Encounter], if you are the target of a spell, after knowing the results of the spell's effect, you may ignore the spell's effect.. If this spell would have dealt damage, it is dealt to the mote instead; it loses one mote point for each damage dealt.
At 12th level, your mote begins each [Encounter] with 45 mote points instead of 30 mote points, and you no longer require line of effect to move it to a target square.
At 16th level, you gain another mote. Each mote no longer disappears and reappears when you are further than 80 ft from it.
Telekinetic Adept
Mind over matter, brains over brawn. Benefit: You can spend a swift action to move an object that you could normally wield as a weapon (improvised or otherwise) within [Close] range, to anywhere else within your [Close] range. If this ability is used to move a weapon to an ally's square, that ally may immediately begin wielding or switch to wielding that weapon. You may not use this ability to fling objects at opponents to damage them, or move objects carried or worn by another creature. This is a supernatural ability.
In addition, you gain a +2 feat bonus to Athletics checks, and may now use your Intelligence modifier instead of your Strength modifier for determining your bonus to Athletics checks. Special: If you have the Dartmuth Secret feat, you may choose to use Arcana checks in place

of Athletics checks you make, and you gain a +2 feat bonus to Arcana checks instead of Athletics checks.
Telekinetic Scion
Your mind can produce all the force of a wrecking ball, with about as much finesse. Prerequisites: Telekinetic Adept, 6th level Benefit: As a standard action, you may move any number of unsecured objects with a combined weight of up to 2000 pounds within your [Medium] range, to anywhere else within your [Medium] range if no squares are occupied in their destination areas. You may not use this ability to move a creature that is not [Dead], a creature's equipment, or a mount with at least one occupant.
In addition, you can pummel opponents with pure telekinetic force. As a standard action, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you that deals damage equal to 1d4 per two character levels you possess (minimum 1d4) plus your Intelligence Modifier to all opponents within its area. A successful Reflex save (DC 10+ ½ your character level + your Intelligence Modifier) halves the damage. This is a supernatural ability.
Telekinetic Strength
Your mental powers have become a deadly weapon, sharpened to pinpoint precision. Prerequisites: Telekinetic Scion Benefit: The combined weight of objects you can move with Telekinetic Scion is doubled, and the damage of your telekinetic force increases to 1d6 per two character levels plus Intelligence modifier. In addition, once every two [Rounds], as a

166

standard action, you may deal damage equal to six times your Intelligence modifier to a single opponent within [Close] range. This is a spell-like ability.
Telekinetic Master
Your powers have begun to change you, and your body is held together as much by your will as by ordinary biological processes. Prerequisites: By Will Sustained, Telekinetic Scion, 12th level Benefit: The combined weight of objects you can move with Telekinetic Scion is tripled. In addition, you gain two additional HP per character level you possess, and [Fast healing] equal to your character level.

Benefit: You gain [Tremorsense] out to 20 ft. This widens to 30 ft at 5th level. At 10th level, your [Tremorsense] widens to 40 ft.
The Left Hand of Death
Your life force can malevolently suppress healing effects for a short time. Prerequisites: 12th level, must not possess The Right Hand of Creation Benefit: You disrupt the workings of life itself. Twice per [Scene], as a move action, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you, which moves with you and lasts for two [Rounds]. All effects that heal HP within the spread are delayed for one [Round ] after they are used.

The Bigger They Are
An enemy taller than you has his weak spots at eye level, and you've learned to take advantage of the fact. Benefit: When attacking a creature one or more size category larger than yourself, your attacks deal 1 additional damage per 2 levels (minimum 1).
The Bitter Dregs
You appear to be the last sober person in the world, which gives you a certain grim determination. Prerequisites: Must not possess Livers Need Not Apply, 9th level Benefit: You gain a +1 feat bonus to all d20 rolls.

The Right Hand of Creation
Your spirit has the power to temporarily ward off death. Prerequisites: 12th level, must not possess The Left Hand of Death Benefit: You disrupt the terrible mechanism of death itself. Twice per [Scene], as a move action, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you, which moves with you and lasts two [Rounds]. Damage dealt within the spread may be delayed for one [Round] after it is inflicted. This does not require an action.

The Earth Cracks
You bear the sigil of the Broken Earth on your skin, a tightly woven nest of hooped lines that writhe uneasily. Representing the cycle of geological time, it provides an anchor for your deathless patron whose name has been lost since before the rise of man.

The Sky Empties
The stars are no longer visible to you at night. When you stare up, you see great dappled ripples slowly moving across the heavens, like fabric caught in the wind, and can mimic their motion to phase through space. Prerequisites: The Earth Cracks

Chapter VIII: Feats

167

Benefit: You gain the ability to [Teleport] 5 ft per character level as a move action twice per [Encounter].
At 6th level, as a swift action, when you next [Teleport], you may create a line with a length of up to 5 ft per level originating from your starting square and extending toward your destination square, which deals 2 energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor to all creatures within the line.
The Smell of Napalm
You can emit a shockwave of booze-fueled vitality, searing away the flesh of your foes. Prerequisites: Livers Need Not Apply, 12th level Benefit: By taking a move action to spend all of your drinks from the Livers Need Not Apply feat, you may apply [HP reduction] to all opponents in [Close] range, equal to 4 points per drink spent.
The Sun Grows Dim
You bear the sigil of the Brass Dawn on your skin, a vast, tessellating design that serves as a channel for your patron. This deathless and forgotten entity is said to be the embodiment of the first sunset and the second sunrise. Benefit: As a swift action you can draw together the shadows to form one of the following: a melee or ranged weapon with the [Hold-out] and [Quick-draw] weapon properties, and one other weapon property of your choice; or another small, mundane object no bigger than 1 cubic foot. This weapon or object manifests in your hand or on your person, and fades to dust at the end of the [Encounter].
At 5th level, once per [Scene], as a standard action, you may create little, shadowy servitors

using this ability, allowing you to cast prying eyes as a spell-like ability.
At 10th level, you can communicate through the shadowy eyes created by this spell-like ability, and gain a +2 to all interaction skill checks made through them or in their presence.
Three Body Collision
Hit an enemy with a building, or hit a building with an enemy ­ either way, the enemy gets hurt. Prerequisites: 9th level Benefit: Once per [Round], when you hit an adjacent opponent with a melee attack, you may immediately perform a Bull Rush against that opponent. Once per [Round] when using the Bull Rush maneuver against target opponent, if that opponent is adjacent to an obstacle or occupied square and you are able to push them 5 ft or further, you may forgo the ability to push that opponent further to deal damage equal to your character level against that opponent and any creatures in that square.
Towering
You are built to a bigger scale. You are faster, stronger, taller, and simply more deadly. Prerequisites: [Large] or [Huge] size Benefit: Unless you are [Swimming] or [Burrowing], you can make melee attacks against [Flying] creatures even if you are not [Flying], and [Flying] creatures cannot pass through your space during their movements. You have [Lesser resistance] against damage from opponents who are not [Flying].
Troubleshooter
You find trouble and shoot it. Benefit: You can always walk away from a social encounter without losing tokens, and the DC of

168

Diplomacy and Intimidate checks made against you increases by 2.
Truly Bad People
The blood you bleed is black indeed. Benefit: The first time each [Round] an attack hits you, you deal damage equal to your character level to any one creature of your choice in [Melee] range.
Wake
You leave suffering and devastation wherever you go. Benefit: Twice per [Round], when you exit a square during a 5 ft step or during an action, you may deal damage equal to your KOM to target opponent in a square adjacent to that square and move that opponent 5 ft in a direction of your choice, which does not provoke attacks of opportunity.
This feat does not activate when you are moved out of a square by someone else (such as by the Bull Rush combat maneuver) or when you move out of the square in which you started your turn. You may only use this ability once per 5 ft step or action.
Wings of War
You sprout wings of any appearance, which are powerful enough to carry you aloft. Prerequisites: 9th level Benefit: You gain the Fly movement mode. If you have the Ride skill trained, you can also apply this transformation to your mount, granting it the Fly movement mode.
Weaponized
Your attacks are reliably deadly. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: Instead of rolling dice for base weapon damage, use your KOM if it is +1 or greater.

This does not affect damage dice from additional damage such as the Sneak Attack ability of the Assassin track.
Words of Power
Your knowledge of the Words of Power offer you command over certain aspects of creation. Benefit: At 1st level, you know the Word of Shadow and may use Words of Power once per [Encounter]. As an immediate action, you may inflict the [Blinded] condition on target opponent within [Medium] range for the duration of his or her current action.
At 5th level, you learn the Word of Sunset and may use Words of Power twice per [Encounter]. As an immediate action, you may become [Invisible] for one [Round].
At 10th level, you learn the Word of the Wind and may use Words of Power three times per [Encounter]. Whenever you take a move action, you may disintegrate into swirling wind, reforming at the end of the movement. For the duration of your move action, you may pass through occupied squares and narrow gaps. You do not provoke attacks of opportunity during this move.
You Will Falter
Your menacing demeanor prevents enemies from effectively recovering from injuries. Prerequisites: 3rd level Benefit: Whenever an effect, including [Fast healing], would cause an opponent within [Close] range to heal any amount of HP, the amount that opponent heals is reduced by your level, to a minimum of half the original amount. This effect stacks with up to five other instances of the You Will Falter feat and up to two instances of the You

Chapter VIII: Feats

169

Will Fail feat. (This does not affect the minimum amount healed when applying this ability.) Special: This feat may be taken twice.
You Will Fail
No man lives forever, and you have the power to make sure of it. Prerequisites: 9th level, You Will Falter Benefit: Whenever an effect other than [Fast healing] would cause an opponent within [Medium] range to heal any amount of HP, the amount that opponent heals is reduced by your level, to a minimum of one HP. This effect stacks with instances of the You Will Falter feat and up to one other instance of the You Will Fail feat. (This does not affect the minimum amount healed when applying this ability.) Special: This feat may be taken twice.

[Iconic] Feats
Characters may only have one [Iconic] feat, and that feat cannot be exchanged or replaced by any means except direct GM permission. NPCs with [Iconic] feats should be relatively rare. [Iconic] feats may not be appropriate for all campaigns, so consult with your GM.
A Light Against Shadow [Iconic]
Your soul illuminates even the darkest of places. Benefit: You shed a sacred radiance. As a free action, if you do not already have a light spread, you may create a light spread with a radius of 5 ft per level you possess originating from you, which moves with you and lasts until dismissed as a free action. This light spread clearly illuminates the squares within its area.
Three times per [Encounter], as a move action, you may inflict 2 points of [HP reduction] per level you possess on all opponents within the spread, and render them [Blinded] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your character level + your KOM) negates the [Blinded] condition. This is a [Light] effect of the highest circle you possess.

Blacksmith [Iconic]
Your skill at crafting arms and armor is unmatched. Benefit: Your armor's item bonus to AC is increased by 1. Your deflection bonus to AC from a magic item or a weapon with the [Guardian] weapon property is increased by 1. Your weapon's item bonus to attack rolls is increased by 1 (it gains a +1 item bonus to attack rolls if it had no such bonus). At 6th level, you gain 1 additional HP per level. At 12th level, this increases to 2 additional HP per level.

170

Big Damn Hero [Iconic]
You can carry on despite even the most debilitating of effects. This helps if villagers have already started burning your party's psychic monk. Benefit: Once per [Encounter], for one [Round], you may ignore [Binding] and [Fear] effects as well as the following conditions: [Stunned], [Dazed], [Nauseated], and [Confused].
You can begin this temporary reprieve without using an action at any point, even during another creature's turn. (Ignoring an effect does not affect its duration.)
Dartmuth Secret [Iconic]
Through a secret, deeply disturbing ritual, you have expanded the power of your mind over your body. Benefit: You gain [Damage reduction] equal to half your Intelligence modifier instead of half your Constitution modifier. If you have at least 10 ranks in the Vigor skill, this [Damage reduction] is instead equal to your full Intelligence modifier. If you have Arcana trained but not Athletics, you gain a bonus to your movement speed as if you had trained Athletics.
Pick one of your tracks: you can use your Intelligence modifier for calculating the benefits from all circles of one of your tracks. For example, a tactician who picked the shaman's Spellcasting spellcasting track could take this feat and base all aspects of that track on Intelligence rather than Wisdom.
At 5th level, you gain the ability to inflict a bizarre form of rust on most metals that spreads slowly of its own accord. As a standard action, you may touch a metal surface in a square within [Melee] range. While within 60 ft of a square of a surface touched this way, you may "look" through patches of the rust as a free action, allowing you

to see out of and establish line of sight from that square. [Darkvision] applies when looking through these windows, but you cannot use any other vision modes you possess through them.
Did The Math [Iconic]
You have a keen intellect that lets you predict the flow of events as though you've already seen it happen. Prerequisites: 12th level Benefit: Once per [Scene], as a free action with the consent of your playgroup, you may take your turn over again, as though it had not happened. This ability must be used by the end of your turn, and remains used even though its use was unhappened.
I Am Not Left-Handed [Iconic]
Your relentless fighting style is famous. Or would be, if you ever had to use it. Benefit: Once per [Round], the first time you make an attack roll that is not an intentional miss, you gain one focus point. Once per [Round], you can spend focus points up to half of your KOM to reduce the AC of a single opponent within [Close] range by an amount equal to the number of points spent. This does not require an action, and the penalty from I Am Not Left-Handed stacks with itself up to a maximum of your KOM.
At 10th level, you may opt to instead reduce the AC of all creatures, including yourself, within [Close] range. Focus points and their effects expire at the beginning of each [Encounter].
Juggernaut [Iconic]
You are very easy to spot in a crowd, either due to your size or because you enjoy hurling the little people around. Benefit: Your size permanently increases to [Large],

Chapter VIII: Feats

171

unless your size is already [Large] or [Huge], though you suffer none of the penalties of being [Large] or [Huge]. If your size was [Small], you still gain the benefits of being [Small] but suffer none of the penalties of being [Small]. If another effect would increase your size to [Large], it instead increases your movement speed by 10 ft.
Additionally, you gain a +2 bonus to the DC when using the Bull Rush combat maneuver. At 10th level, you gain [Immunity] to [Slowed].
Justice, Blind [Iconic]
You rely on senses other than sight to compensate for your blindness. Benefit: Whether by choice or by fate, you are permanently, irrevocably and incurably [Blinded]. The upshot of this is that you've gotten used to dealing with what you can't see: you no longer suffer a -4 penalty to Perception checks for being [Blinded], have [Tremorsense] out to [Close] range, and you always treat all creatures as if they are [Revealed].
At 6th level, your attacks inflict two extra points of damage for every 10 ft between you and your target, to a maximum of your character level. At 12th level, once per [Round], when you would make an attack, you may instead not make that attack. If you do, you gain a bonus equal to your level to your next attack roll.
Lucky Cigarette Case [Iconic]
Your equipment has a knack for getting in the way of shots aimed at your heart. Benefit: Your natural weapons gain the [Parrying] property if they do not already have it. Your weapons possess the [Parrying] property while you

wield them, if they do not already have it. Twice per [Round], you may reduce the dam-
age taken from a single attack by your KDM. This does not require an action, but this ability cannot further reduce damage already reduced by the [Parrying] property or this ability. At 10th level, whenever you use the [Parrying] property or the above ability, you may reduce damage taken by your level instead of your KDM.
My Name Is War [Iconic]
In your wake, continents will shatter, and empires will fall. You are how tomorrow ends. Benefit: Once per [Round], the first time you make an attack roll that is not an intentional miss, or spend a standard action to activate a spell or a spell-like or supernatural, you gain one focus point. As an immediate action, you may spend three focus points to copy the last spell, spell-like ability, or supernatural ability activated from the previous [Round] if you or an ally activated it and it is a circle no higher than your highest circle. You may activate the copied spell or ability, even if you do not possess that spell or ability. You cannot gain focus points from activating the copied spell or ability or from any attack rolls made as part of it. Casting a spell or activating an ability through this feat is a [Surge] effect.
On A Pale Horse [Iconic]
You are the closest thing to the Grim Reaper that your enemies will ever see. Benefit: Three times per [Encounter], as a free action, when you leave an opponent [Dead] or

172

[Unconscious], you can force all opponents within 30 ft of that creature to begin [Cowering] for one [Round]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Cowering] condition.
Something of a Traditionalist [Iconic]
Your black and twisted weapon is given power by the weight of history as well as the strength of your arm. Prerequisites: Just Blade track Benefit: You gain 2 additional HP per level. As long as you possess the Mystic Focus ability, whenever you use the Charge combat maneuver, you may activate the Mystic Focus ability as a part of your Charge, rather than as a swift action.
Strike Down [Iconic]
You focus your rage and your frustration, bringing your energy weapon to a crackling hum, dancing with electricity. Prerequisites: Just Blade track, Mystic Focus Benefit: As a swift or immediate action, if your Grim Heritor is not charged, you may render your Grim Heritor charged without choosing a spelllike ability. When you hit an opponent with an attack using your Grim Heritor, if the Grim Heritor is charged without a spell-like ability, you may render it no longer charged, which deals energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor equal to your character level to that opponent.
At 10th level, whenever you target an opponent with your Mental Thrust ability, it deals energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor equal to your character level to that opponent.

[Combat] Feats
A Hell of a Thing [Combat]
With great power, comes great power. You think there might have been something else to that phrase, but it's somewhere behind you, lost in blood-stained memories. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can try to crush the life out of target creature within [Close] Range. Your target takes damage equal to your character level. You and the target then suffer [HP reduction] equal to your character level. Until the end of the [Encounter] or until your target succeeds on a Fortitude save against this ability, at the beginning of your turn each [Round], as a free action, you may repeat this effect. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + KOM) negates this effect. This is a supernatural ability.
Batter Down [Combat]
A well-placed blow can fell even the strongest enemies. Prerequisites: To Iron Married, 6th level Benefit: On a critical hit with a melee attack you make, you may knock that attack's target [Prone]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] condition.
By Steel Beholden [Combat]
You are invigorated by spectacular attacks. Prerequisites: 9th level, To Iron Married Benefit: On a critical hit with an attack you make, you recover 1 HP per character level you possess.

Chapter VIII: Feats

173

Cataphract [Combat]
Your heavy cavalry training allows you to put more power behind your strikes. Prerequisites: Ride as a trained skill Benefit: While you are on a mount, you gain a +2 feat bonus to attack rolls, you do not take the normal penalty to AC when you Charge, and whenever you deal damage with an attack, you deal 2 additional damage if you have activated the Deadly Aim or Power Attack maneuver this [Round].
Fancy Footwork [Combat]
You have mastered the art of bobbing and weaving. Prerequisites: Base Attack Bonus +6 Benefit: When taking an attack action, you may give up any number of your attacks. If you do, you may make an extra 5 ft step this turn for each attack you give up this way.
In Mithril Reborn [Combat]
Years of warfare have granted you even greater insights into the art of beating people up. Prerequisites: 12th level, By Steel Beholden Benefit: Your critical threat range expands to 16-20.
Kensai [Combat]
By feeling out the enemy with probing attacks, you can predict and defeat your enemy's strikes. Prerequisites: One or more [Weapon] feats, 6th level Benefit: During an attack action, you may intentionally make any number of your attack rolls miss before rolling them. For each attack you intentionally make miss this way, you gain one point of focus. As a free action, you may spend one, two, or three points of focus, gaining a bonus equal to the number of points spent to your

choice of attack and damage rolls or AC and saves for 1 [Round]. You may spend no more than three focus points in this fashion per [Round].
Perfect Defense [Combat]
You have learned special defensive techniques to make the most of your shield. Benefit: You are automatically aware whenever an opponent to whom you have line of sight activates the Charge, Deadly Aim or Power Attack combat maneuver. Once per [Encounter], as an immediate action, you may force target opponent activating the Charge combat maneuver within [Medium] range to end its movement from the Charge at any point during its Charge and forsake any remaining attacks from it.
Additionally, once per [Encounter], as an immediate action, you may cause target opponent within [Medium] range to lose any bonuses to damage from the Power Attack or Deadly Aim combat maneuvers for one [Round].
At 10th level, you may use each of these abilities twice per [Encounter].
Reckless Strike [Combat]
You can retain the precision of your attack while swinging for power. Benefit: As a move action, you may cause any penalty to attack rolls from the Power Attack combat maneuver you are suffering to become a penalty to your Armor Class instead. (This penalty still may not exceed your Base Attack Bonus.)
If an attack roll of an attack targeting you would be compared to a value other than your Armor Class, you suffer a penalty to that value equal to half of the penalty from the Power Attack combat maneuver against that attack.

174

Runic Gunknight [Combat]
You can send a barrage of shots at the enemy. Prerequisites: One or more [Weapon] feats, 12th level Benefit: Once per [Round], as a free action, if you have not made an attack this turn, you may choose one of the following: two 5 ft radius spreads each originating from a target square within your weapon's range, a 60 ft wedge, or a 120 ft line originating from you. You may add the [Volley] descriptor to your next attack this turn, to be applied to any number of targets in the chosen area. This ability can only be used three times per [Encounter].
Shadow Blink [Combat]
You can move from one place to another astonishingly quickly. Benefit: As a swift action, you can add the [Teleport] descriptor to your movements until the beginning of your next turn. Instead of moving, you choose a target square within range of your movement and appear there.
Sniper [Combat]
You are a crack shot with any ranged weapon. Prerequisites: Perception as a trained skill Benefit: The range of any ranged weapon you wield increases by 1 range category. As long as you are wielding a ranged weapon, you may make a Perception check in place of a Bluff check for the in-combat use of the Bluff skill.
Spectacular Beats [Combat]
Your knack for improvisation in combat allows you to wield common objects with great lethality. Prerequisites: Discipline of the Serpent track, 3rd level

Benefit: When wielding an improvised weapon, the number of properties you can grant it using the External Techniques ability increases by 1 for each property fewer than 3 that it normally possesses. Whenever you hit with an attack using an improvised weapon made as part of the Close Meridian, Disarm, Grapple, Neutralize, Open Gate, Pushing Blow, or Trip combat maneuvers, you may sacrifice that improvised weapon immediately (destroying it irrevocably). Creatures, magic items and objects of great durability and significance used as improvised weapons cannot be destroyed in this fashion. If it is destroyed, increase the save DC of the combat maneuver by 2. Once per [Round], as a free action, you may automatically find and draw some sort of improvised weapon.
Tell Them, Still Angry [Combat]
No table will remain unflipped. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: When you die, you quit life via a raging explosion, inflicting [HP reduction] equal to 4 times your character level on all creatures in a 35 ft radius. You can still be resurrected.
To Iron Married [Combat]
Your mighty blows strike home a little more often. Benefit: Your critical threat range expands to 18-20.
Way of the Gun [Combat]
You are a master of trick shots with your weapon Prerequisites: Any [Weapon] feat, Discipline of the Serpent Benefit: You may activate the Disarm and Trip combat maneuvers, as well as the Close Meridian, Neutralize and Open Gate special combat

Chapter VIII: Feats

175

maneuvers if you have access to them, while wielding a ranged weapon, making a single ranged attack instead of a melee attack. You can use Ceaseless Flow to replace ranged attacks with the Close Meridian, Disarm, Neutralize, Open Gate and Trip combat maneuvers.

property while you wield them, if they do not already have it. Whenever you make a melee attack without benefiting from the [Reach] weapon property against an opponent that has a deflection bonus to AC, you gain a feat bonus to your attack roll equal to half that bonus (minimum 1).

[Weapon] Feats
You may have multiple [Weapon] feats, but you may only use (and gain the benefit of ) one at a time, chosen each time you pick up, draw, or switch to a weapon, or as a swift action or part of a move action.
A Song of Arrows [Weapon]
You can strike is faster than thought. Prerequisites: 6th level Benefit: Three times per [Encounter], you may make a single attack as an immediate action.
And My Axe! [Weapon]
Axes don't hurt people. Enraged player characters with omnicidal tendencies hurt people. Benefit: Your attacks against each opponent deal 1 additional damage for each time you have hit that opponent this [Encounter]. At 10th level, this increases to 2 additional damage. This damage resets to 0 when you stop using this feat.
Epic Flail [Weapon]
You are adept at lunging attacks, giving you more reach or striking around an enemy's shield. Benefit: Your melee natural weapons gain the [Reach] weapon property if they did not already have it. Your melee weapons possess the [Reach]

Meteor Crush [Weapon]
You can strike a blow from the heavens, a kiss between the earth and the sky. Prerequisites: 3rd level Benefit: As a standard action, you may make a single melee attack against an opponent within [Melee] range, even if that opponent is [Flying] and you are not. If you deal damage to that opponent with this attack, you deal additional damage to opponent equal to your level if the opponent is [Flying], or equal to half your level if it is not.
Additionally, if this attack hits a [Flying] opponent, that opponent stops [Flying], loses the Fly movement mode until the start of your next turn, and is knocked [Prone]. At 10th level, once per [Round], you may replace one attack in your attack action with this ability at the same attack bonus as the replaced attack.
Mighty Smash [Weapon]
Your powerful blows cripple your opponents. Benefit: Your attacks deal 2 additional damage. For every 6 additional damage dealt to an opponent this way, that opponent suffers a -1 penalty to its attack rolls. This penalty stacks, to a maximum of -4, and expires at the end of the [Encounter].

176

Musketeer [Weapon]
Special training makes your shots all the more deadly. Benefit: The first attack you make each [Round] using the Deadly Aim combat maneuver deals KOM additional damage. At 10th level, both your first and second attacks each [Round] using the Deadly Aim combat maneuver deal KOM additional damage.
Pistolero [Weapon]
When lining up a shot, you know to go for the eyes. Prerequisites: To Iron Married Benefit: On a critical hit, you inflict [Blinded] for one [Round].
Simply Smashing [Weapon]
You have developed a devastating combo that knocks your opponents off their feet. Benefit: Each time you hit an opponent with three consecutive attacks, that opponent is knocked [Prone] and takes damage equal to three times your KOM, and the number of consecutive attacks is reset.
Swift-Hand Throw [Weapon]
Your attacks are quite literally blazing fast. Benefit: Whenever you score a critical hit against an opponent, that opponent is [Knocked down] and begins [Burning]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Knocked down] condition.
The Scattering Wind [Weapon]
Your attacks can shatter magic. Prerequisites: 3rd level Benefit: Once per [Encounter], when you hit an opponent with an attack using a weapon, you may

end target effect created by a single spell or spelllike ability that has a duration and that originates from the opponent or targeted the opponent. At 10th level, you may use this ability twice per [Encounter]. This is a [Dispelling] effect.
The Terrible Swift Lash [Weapon]
You move around the battlefield with grace and finesse, much like the weapon you wield. Benefit: You may make an additional 5 ft step each [Round]. At 5th level, you may make this 5 ft step during an attack action. At 10th level, as a swift action, you may add some snap to your next attack. If that attack hits, your target is knocked [Prone]. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ character level + KOM) negates the [Prone] condition.
This is a Knife [Weapon]
Your deft blows cause severe injuries. Benefit: Whenever you score a critical hit against an opponent, that opponent suffers [HP reduction] equal to twice your level.
To Pierce the Heavens [Weapon]
Yours is the spear that shall not break, the line that shall be held. Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may double your [Melee] range for two [Rounds]. Creatures within your [Melee] range may choose to be pushed to the closest square outside of your [Melee] range if possible, which does not provoke attacks of opportunity. You then render the area around you impassable: creatures cannot enter or leave your [Melee] range. This is a [Binding] effect and lasts two [Rounds].

Chapter VIII: Feats

177

[Skill] Feats
These feats all require you to be trained in one or more skills, and represent the ability to apply those talents in a new way. Many [Skill] feats grant bonuses to their associated skills, but remember that feat bonuses do not stack with one another.
Anatomical Targeteer [Skill]
Your medical expertise allows you to damage an enemy with surgical precision. Prerequisites: 6th level, Medicine as a trained skill Benefit: Choose the Bluff skill or Perception skill. You may use a Medicine check in place of a check with the chosen skill for the in-combat use of the chosen skill. This choice is permanent. Additionally, your attacks inflict the [Bleeding] condition when they hit.

Arcane Magister [Skill]
You are quite simply better than other people at magic. Prerequisites: Arcana as a trained skill Benefit: Select a track with at least one spell, spelllike, or supernatural ability that forces a saving throw. You gain a +2 feat bonus to the DCs of all abilities from that track, and a +2 feat bonus to Arcana checks.
Arcane Recitation [Skill]
You can call upon a surge of magical energy that makes your spells difficult to resist for a short time. Prerequisites: 6th level, Arcana as a trained skill Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you can increase the DCs of all spells, spell-like, and supernatural abilities you activate by 3 for one [Round]. Starting at 12th level, you may use Arcane Recitation twice per [Encounter].

Arcane Engineer [Skill]
You can render your spell traps mobile. Prerequisites: 12th level, Rune Magic, Arcana and Engineering as trained skills Benefit: Once per [Scene], when you create a spelltrap spread with the Rune Magic feat, you may render it portable for the duration of the [Scene]. As a move action, you may pick it up if it is within [Melee] range, which causes it to no longer be active. As a swift action, you may place it on any square within [Close] range and render the spelltrap spread active. At the end of the [Scene], this portable spelltrap spread disappears. Placing down the spelltrap spread is a [Surge] effect.

Charm [Skill]
You can put on such a friendly demeanor that people can't bring themselves to dislike you. Prerequisites: 6th level, Diplomacy as a trained skill Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can influence target creature within [Close] range to view you in as favorable a light as possible until the end of the [Scene]. That creature immediately ceases hostilities with you and your allies unless threatened. It cannot use offensive actions against you or your allies until the end of the [Encounter] or until you or an ally uses an offensive action against it. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier) negates this effect.
Once per social encounter, instead of making a social skill check, you may Charm a member of an opposing party. That creature cannot use the

178

Intimidate skill until the end of the social encounter. Additionally, until the end of social encounter, whenever that creature attempts to leave the social encounter, it must make a Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier). A successful Will save allows the creature to leave the social encounter. A failed Will save prevents the creature from attempting to leave the social encounter until you make a skill check or a demand against it. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier) negates this effect.
All effects of this feat are [Mind-affecting].
Cloaked Casting [Skill]
Sleight of hand can conceal spells as well as theft. Prerequisites: Spellcasting track, Larceny as a trained skill Benefit: When casting a spell, you can make a Larceny check as a free action to conceal your work. Opponents whose Awareness defenses are equal to or less than your check result are unaware that you are the caster of the spell. In addition, you may make a Larceny check in place of a Perception check for the in-combat use of the Perception skill. You gain a +2 feat bonus to Larceny checks.
Confusion [Skill]
You excel at sowing chaos in the minds of others. Prerequisites: 6th level, Bluff as a trained skill Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can undermine your enemies' sanity with your quips and subterfuge. One target opponent within [Close] range per 6 levels you possess becomes [Confused] for 2 [Rounds]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier) negates the [Confused] condition.

Additionally, once per social encounter, at any time, you may cause an opponent in the social encounter to concede to all demands you make until the end of the social encounter, as it gibbers incoherently, but that opponent may immediately make a single skill check as if you made a skill check with an Interaction skill against it. Additionally, whenever you make a demand against that creature, it has a 10% chance to immediately leave the social encounter. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier) negates this effect.
All effects of this feat are [Mind-affecting].
Create Teleportation Circle [Skill]
You have learned how to punch a hole through space that links two locations together. Prerequisites: 9th level, any two of Arcana, Engi neering, and Geography as trained skills Benefit: With an hour's effort, you can craft a gate of sorts that provides one-way instantaneous teleportation to a single location within 100 miles. You must have studied the target location carefully (as per the teleport spell) and the target location cannot be affected by dimensional lock or similar. The portal can be destroyed with minor intentional physical effort, but otherwise lasts indefinitely.
This is a [Teleport] and [Warp] effect.
Daggerstorm [Skill]
You can summon a swaarm of flying magical daggers to strike your foes down. Prerequisites: 9th level, Arcana as a trained skill Benefit: Once every two [Rounds], as a standard action, you may release a swarm of magically guided daggers that home in on their targets. The swarm deals an amount of damage equal to the

Chapter VIII: Feats

179

total of twice your level plus twice your KOM, divided as you choose among any number of targets within [Medium] range. This is a spell-like ability.
Danger Sense [Skill]
Your keen instincts have saved you from hidden dangers more than once. Prerequisites: 6th level, Perception as a trained skill Benefit: The first time each [Encounter] each hazard, creature, or effect within [Close] range is compared to your Awareness defense, you may make a Perception check. If the result is higher than your Awareness defense, you can use it in place of your Awareness against that hazard, creature, or effect. Additionally, you gain a +2 feat bonus to Perception checks.
Deft Strike [Skill]
You understand that a well-placed strike can pierce armor that would resist a brutal blow. Prerequisites: Larceny as a trained skill Benefit: As a swift action, you may attempt a Larceny check (DC 10 + ½ opponent's level + opponent's Wisdom modifier) to distract your opponent and strike at a gap in your opponent's armor. A successful check allows you to ignore an amount of [Damage reduction] or [Resistance] equal to your level for any offensive actions you take against that opponent for 1 [Round].
Dread Secret [Skill]
Everyone has a skeleton or two in the closet. Prerequisites: 6th level, History as a trained skill Benefit: Once per [Encounter] as a swift action, you may attempt a History check to discover a terrible secret relevant to a single opponent (DC 10 + ½ opponent's level + opponent's Intelligence

modifier). A successful check means that you can speak that terrible secret as a standard action. Your target must make a successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier) or be [Dazed] for two [Rounds]. A successful Will save still leaves the target [Sickened]. This ability cannot be used on a given creature more than once per [Scene].
Disjunction [Skill]
The residual energy of your magic-reaving attacks impede the effectiveness of magic items. Prerequisites: 12th level, Engineering as a trained skill, ability to use a [Dispelling] effect as an extraordinary, spell-like, or supernatural ability, or as a spell Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a move action, immediately after using a [Dispelling] effect, you may temporarily weaken the items of a single creature in [Medium] range or the range of that [Dispelling] effect, whichever is longer. For the next two [Rounds], any bonuses to d20 rolls or to Armor Class granted by this creature's items are halved. Special: You may not activate Disjunction and Shout of Doom with the same [Dispelling] effect.
Earthen Liege [Skill]
Yours are the bones of the earth, flint and granite. Prerequisites: Earthshaper Warden or Earthshaper Journeyman Benefit: You gain [Immunity] to being [Blown away] and a +1 item bonus to AC for every five levels you possess, rounding up. This is treated in every way as being armored and thus is affected by the Blacksmith feat.

180

Earthshaper Warden [Skill]
It is impossible to surprise that which always waits. Prerequisites: 3rd level, Geography as a trained skill Benefit: During the first [Round] of combat, you have [Resistance] to all damage.
Earthshaper Journeyman [Skill]
You can move through earth and stone like water. Prerequisites: 9th level, Geography as a trained skill Benefit: You gain the Burrow movement mode. Additionally, with a concerted effort, you can dig through materials that are normally too hard to burrow. With one minute of uninterrupted effort you can pass through any face of stone or earth like a fish into water, entering an area of the material that is as large as your space or bigger. While inside, you can move freely through the material's space within a ten-mile radius of the square you entered. You must also exit the material through an area of the material that is as large as your space or bigger.
Explosives Expert [Skill]
You are a grim fable with an unhappy end. Prerequisites: Engineering as a trained skill, Demo Man track Benefit: You gain a +2 feat bonus on Engineering checks and to the DCs of Demo Man track abilities.
Ghost Hunter [Skill]
You're trained to fight otherworldly threats. Prerequisites: 6th level, Perception as a trained skill Benefit: Once per [Scene], as part of a move action, you can use see invisibility as a spell-like ability, except that its duration is [Encounter] instead. Additionally, whenever you make an attack, you may cause all damage it deals to gain the

[Force] descriptor. You also gain a +2 feat bonus to Perception checks.
Journeyman Healer [Skill]
People near you just seem to bounce back from more serious injuries than normal. Prerequisites: Medicine as a trained skill Benefit: DCs for Medicine checks made by allies within [Long] range are decreased by 2. This feat's effect may stack up to 3 times, from three different characters.
Lightbender Adept [Skill]
You have power over creatures' shadows. Prerequisites: 6th level, Arcana as a trained skill Benefit: You are always aware of the shadows that have been cast within your [Close] range over the past hour.
Once per [Scene], as a move action, you may become aware of the shadows that would have been cast by [Invisible] creatures within your [Close] range over the past hour if they were not [Invisible] until the end of the [Encounter]. This causes [Invisible] creatures to be [Revealed] and take a -5 penalty to their Stealth modifier as long as they remain within your [Close] range until the end of the [Encounter].
Lightbender Magus [Skill]
Prerequisites: 9th level, Lightbender Adept Benefit: Once per [Round], as a free action, you can manipulate the play of light or shadow to lash at a single opponent within [Medium] range. That opponent becomes [Dazzled] and takes damage equal to your KOM. Additionally, twice per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can use the searing light spell as a spell-like ability.

Chapter VIII: Feats

181

Martial Magister [Skill]
You are a paragon of physical perfection, and probably look great in a swimsuit in addition to your martial talents. Prerequisites: At least one physical skill trained Benefit: Select a track with at least one extraordinary ability that forces a saving throw. You gain a +2 feat bonus to the DCs of all abilities granted by that track and to the DCs of any three of the following combat maneuvers: Bull Rush, Disarm, Grapple, Pin, and Trip, as well as a +2 feat bonus to a physical skill of your choice. Special: You may choose not to gain the bonus to a track's abilities and instead gain a +2 feat bonus to the DCs of all five combat maneuvers from the above list.
Master Healer [Skill]
You can create potions that mimic the effects of complex medical procedures. Prerequisites: Journeyman Healer, 6th level Benefit: You gain the ability to brew short-lived draughts that duplicate the effects of a Medicine check. To make one, you must pass the corresponding check by ten or more. You may make three draughts per [Scene]. These draughts last until the end of the [Scene] and can be used as part of a move action.
Master Scout [Skill]
You've adapted to tough terrain. Prerequisites: Acrobatics or Athletics as a trained skill Benefit: You gain the Swim movement mode, and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost you extra movement. You gain a +2 feat bonus to Acrobatics and Athletics checks.

Mystic Healer [Skill]
Your magical healing is unusually potent. Prerequisites: Medicine as a trained skill, Incantation track Benefit: Whenever you use the Incantation ability or a spell to heal an ally, replace any d4s rolled to determine the amount of healing with d6s. For example, a 2nd-level shaman with Incantation rolls 3d6, instead of 3d4, when healing with Incantation.
Retcon [Skill]
If you ever regret unfavorably comparing the governor's wife to a morbidly obese horse, you can backpedal without them ever knowing. Prerequisites: 6th level, Trained any two of Bluff, Diplomacy, or Arcana. Benefit: Once per [Scene], you may alter how up to two creatures within [Close] range recall a conversation, dialogue, or written statement by up to two words. Depending on the extent of the alteration, this might be permanent, or it might only last through next [Scene].
Safekeeper Adept [Skill]
The safest place for your treasure is outside of reality. Prerequisites: 3rd level, Arcana as a trained skill Benefit: You have the capacity to open and maintain a small dimensional pocket, which you can open or close as a move action. This opening appears perpendicular to the ground in a square in your space. Creatures leaving the square may choose to enter the pocket or ignore it. The opening does not block line of sight or effect. At only 125 cubic ft, storage is modest but secure, as no one else can access this dimensional pocket while you are alive. The pocket is incapable of sustaining

182

life, and will not close with a creature inside of it. If you are [Dead] at the end of the [Scene], the pocket opens and dumps its contents essentially at random within [Melee] range of your corpse (or the spot where you died, if you have no corpse).
Safekeeper Magus [Skill]
The nice thing about your mind is that you don't have to pay rent to live there. Prerequisites: Safekeeper Adept, 12th level Benefit: The dimensional pocket you maintain no longer opens when you die unless you will it. Storage is expanded to about 125000 cubic ft, or roughly a 50-ft cube. Air replenishes slowly but steadily, and is sufficient to sustain up to 6 people indefinitely. Safekeeper Magus is not appropriate for all campaigns, and should be explicitly cleared with your GM.
Savvy Librarian [Skill]
If it exists, you've read about it. Prerequisites: Geography or History as a trained skill Benefit: Choose either Geography or History. You gain a +2 feat bonus to the chosen skill. Additionally, whenever you would attempt a Knowledge skill check of a type relevant to a creature against a creature of that type (Medicine against a [Humanoid], for example), you may make a skill check with the chosen skill instead.

immediately after using a [Dispelling] effect, you let loose an inaudible, reality-shaking scream against a single creature within [Medium] range or the range of that [Dispelling] effect, whichever is longer. Pick any two of the following: attack rolls, skill rolls, Fortitude saving throws, Reflex saving throws, Will saving throws, or Armor Class. For the next two [Rounds], any bonuses to the chosen statistics granted by the target creature's tracks are halved. Special: You may not activate Disjunction and Shout of Doom with the same [Dispelling] effect.
Sinister Sinews [Skill]
Sometimes muscles are as intimidating as words. Prerequisites: Intimidate as a trained skill Benefit: You substitute your Strength modifier for your Charisma modifier when making an Intimidate check and when calculating DCs for [Fear] effects you activate, if those effects would normally have Charisma-based DCs.
Terrifying Shout [Skill]
You can perform a savage war cry that instills fear into the enemy. Prerequisites: 6th level, Intimidate as a trained skill Benefit: When you use the combat function of the Intimidate skill, you can affect all opponents within [Close] range. You gain a +2 feat bonus to Intimidate checks.

Shout of Doom [Skill]
Your spell-reaving power shakes enemies to their core. Prerequisites: 15th level, Arcana as a trained skill, ability to use a [Dispelling] effect as an extraordinary, spell-like, or supernatural ability, or as a spell Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a move action,

Terror [Skill]
You can force your enemies into blind panic. Prerequisites: 6th level, Intimidate as a trained skill Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can terrify a single opponent. The target must make a Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level +

Chapter VIII: Feats

183

your Charisma modifier) or be [Frightened] for the next 2 [Rounds]. A creature that successfully saves against this ability cannot be affected by it for the remainder of the [Scene].
Once per social encounter, you may use Terror on an opponent. Doing so gives the opponent a social check (as if you used the Diplomacy skill). The opponent must succeed on a Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Charisma modifier) or refrain from using the Bluff or Intimidate skills for the duration of the social encounter.
All effects of this feat are [Mind-affecting].

Keep Them in Line [Racial]
You know that fear is the greatest motivator, and use that knowledge to turn the tide of battles. Prerequisite: Mummy race Benefit: Once per [Encounter], when an opponent fails its Will save against your Growing Horror ability, as a swift action, you can send a wave of fear sweeping through the battlefield. Until the end of the [Encounter], allies gain a +1 feat bonus on all d20 rolls as long as they are within your [Close] range, and opponents suffer a -1 penalty on all d20 rolls as long as they are within your [Close] range.

[Racial] Feats
[Racial] feats are feats that are exclusive to members of a particular race (and not merely creatures who have the corresponding racial track). Though some must be taken at character creation, others can be taken later as a creature grows into its racial abilities.
Blood Thirst [Racial]
When you bite an opponent, you latch on with your powerful fangs. Prerequisite: Vampire race Benefit: Whenever you heal HP with the Bloodlust ability, you gain an equal number of temporary HP.
Ghoulish Enthusiasm [Racial]
While others see a battle, you see a buffet. Prerequisite: Ghoul race Benefit: If a creature fails its Fortitude save against your Horrible Bite, you may immediately make a [Bonus attack] using your Ghoul Bite natural weapon against that creature.

Lich's Wrath [Racial]
The power of undeath has only furthered your control over magical energies. Prerequisite: Lich race Benefit: Choose one of the following spell-like abilities. You may use it at will:
»» Cause FearSLA: As a move action, you can force an opponent within [Close] range to become [Shaken] for 2 [Rounds]. A successful Will save negates the [Shaken] condition. This is a [Fear], [Mind-affecting] ability.
»» Clutch of the GraveSLA: As a standard action, you may make a single melee attack, which deals damage as normal, plus an additional 1d4 damage per level. This is a [Negative] ability, and does not provoke attacks of opportunity.
»» Breath of DecaySLA: As a standard action, you may make a single ranged attack against a target within [Close] range. If it hits, it deals dam-age as normal, and your target takes a -2 penalty to attack rolls and either Fortitude or Reflex saves for the [Encounter]. This

184

penalty doesn't stack with itself, but can be used twice to penalize both Forti-tude and Reflex. This is a [Negative] ability.
Skeleton King [Racial]
In life, you were not merely a fighter, you were a warlord. Prerequisite: Skeleton Champion race Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you can utter a cry of vengeance. For the next two [Rounds], all allies within [Close] range heal 1 hit point per level on every successful attack roll.
Skinjob [Racial]
You can infiltrate the ranks of meatbags with ease. Prerequisites: 1st level only, Sentient Construct race Benefit: You are basically indistinguishable from a race of your choice (your chosen race must be the same size as you naturally are). You gain a +3 racial bonus to Larceny checks. Additionally, skill check DCs to identify your abilities increase by 5 points.

Chapter VIII: Feats

185

CHAPTER
IX Combat Rules
Fantasy worlds are full of ravenous monsters that hunger for flesh, slumbering guardians of ancient tombs, or ambitious warriors seeking wealth, fame, or power. When your characters inevitably run into them, a fight is almost certain to break out. While Legend does not have as strong an emphasis on killing things to take their stuff as some other RPGs, there are other reasons you may want to do so. The rules in this chapter explore the ins and outs of your options in battle, including how to attack, how to move, and how various actions and effects interact with one another.
The Combat Round
Combat takes place over a series of rounds, in which each creature acts on its turn ("initiative").
Initiative
Initiative determines when each character in a combat encounter is able to act. At the beginning of a combat encounter, each player rolls an initiative check for characters under their control, and the GM rolls initiative for all creatures not under the players' control. From that point onward, each creature in the encounter acts on its initiative count ­ the numerical result of the initiative check, ordered from highest result first.
186

Rolling Initiative An initiative check is 1d20 + a creature's Dexterity modifier + all other applicable modifiers. Ties are broken first by a creature's total modifier, then by a creature's Dexterity modifier, then by a reroll.
Generally, a GM rolls initiative for enemies as a group; however, if enemies have dramatically different initiative modifiers (such as a shaman directing a small horde of zombies) the GM may choose to roll initiative for different groups of enemies.
Results of Initiative Once there is an initiative result for all creatures in the encounter, the results are ordered from highest to lowest. Each creature may act on its initiative count every [Round] for the duration of the [Encounter], unless [Helpless] or [Dead]. Any creature who has not yet acted in the first [Round] of the [Encounter] is [Flat-footed].
Delaying A creature can delay its initiative count. Doing so means that the creature can take its turn on any subsequent initiative count, including earlier initiative counts in a following [Round]. A creature who delays its initiative count changes its initiative count to the one on which it acts next.
Surprise Round If every creature on one side of the encounter is unaware of the other sides of the encounter, all creatures who are aware of their enemies can act in a special surprise [Round]. All participants in the surprise [Round] can take either a single standard action or a single move action, as well as a single swift or immediate action.

Actions
There are five types of actions. A creature may take one of each of the following actions on their turn: a standard action, a move action, a swift action and up to five free actions. Additionally, a creature may take an immediate action even when it's not their turn exchanging it for a swift action from either their last most recent turn or their upcoming turn. Certain abilities and effects can grant additional actions, but regardless a creature can take no more than a total of three swift and immediate actions per [Round].
Standard Action
A standard action allows you to attack, cast a spell, or use any ability that requires a standard action to activate (such as a sage's Black Tidings). Attack action: As a standard action, you may make all attacks you are entitled to, including iterative attacks from having a high Base Attack Bonus and [Bonus attacks]. Critical Hits: When making an attack roll, if the result of your die roll without any modifiers is within your critical threat range (normally a natural 20, see glossary) and the final result of your attack roll is a hit, you score a critical hit. A critical hit deals additional damage equal to twice your character level.
Move Action
A move action allows you to move up to your speed or to use an ability that requires a move action to activate.You can only use one movement mode in any given move action.

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

187

Free Action
Free actions consume a very small amount of time and effort. You can perform one or more free actions while taking another action normally, but cannot take more than five free actions in a [Round ].
Swift Action
A swift action consumes a very small amount of time, but represents a larger expenditure of effort and energy than a free action. You can perform only a single swift action per turn, but you can perform it at any time during your turn, even during another action.

Other Actions
A number of actions can reasonably be taken in combat, but do not fall under a specific ability description. The action costs involved are given in the following table, along with how these actions interact with attacks of opportunity.
Talking is a non-action that can be performed whenever appropriate or allowed by the GM. Groups should come to a consensus on when and how much talking is allowed during combat and other time-pressured or stressful situations.
Duration

Immediate Action
An immediate action is similar to a swift action, but can be taken when it is not your turn. If you do not perform a swift action on your turn, performing an immediate action at any time before the start of your next turn can be done at no cost. Otherwise, taking an immediate action counts as taking your next turn's swift action. Regardless, you are limited to performing one immediate action per turn. You cannot use an immediate action if you are [Flat-footed].
Partial Action
Some skills and abilities can be used "as part of " another action, meaning that you can activate that skill or ability at the same time as using that action for another ability. You cannot activate more than one additional ability per action in this way. You can spend an action to do nothing in order to use a partial action as part of it. Using an ability or skill as part of a move action halves your move speed for that move action.

Duration in Legend applies to measuring the duration and cooldown of any given effect. An effect can have any of the following durations and any of the following cooldowns.
Turn
A turn is a small subset of a [Round], when a given character gets to spend their actions. Aside from immediate actions, you usually cannot act when it is not your turn.
Round/Rounds
A duration of [Round] measures from the initiative count when that effect was activated to the same initiative count in the following round.
An effect may last multiple [Rounds]. If so, measure from initiative count to initiative count in the same way, and continue until the correct number of [Rounds] has passed.

188

Encounter
A duration of [Encounter] lasts until the specific challenge or threat that the player characters are facing has been overcome, neutralized, or escaped.
Scene
A duration of [Scene] generally lasts at least three encounters, or until the party takes a two- to four-hour break, whichever is more convenient and reasonable.
Between [Scenes], characters can change the magic items they are presently using, if they have

extra magic items beyond the maximum number of items they can use (see table 3-2 for this number).
Since per-[Scene] abilities, such as spell slots, refresh between [Scenes], a series of encounters that rely on resource attrition should generally all occur in the same [Scene]. For example, if the players characters' camp is harassed all through the night, the [Scene] of the previous day's battles should end, with the player characters able to momentarily eat, relax, and refresh their abilities,

A Developer Note on Scene and Quest Durations: It is worth noting that we include two somewhat variable durations, one of which requires a particularly careful explanation.
The first and the simpler of the two is the "Quest" duration. These effects last for the duration of the current mission or adventure the players are engaged in. In general, these are buffs that are actually bought and paid for, and often take forms that are a little unusual.
For example, if you are infiltrating an enemy capital to rescue your employer's daughter, you might buy Limited Diplomatic Immunity from a friendly embassy for the duration of that quest, but only that quest. If you wander off to hunt a dragon, discover that it's a mayor of a nearby town, and murder it brutally in the night, your Diplomatic Immunity isn't going to apply, or at least won't be useful in protecting you from the angry mob.
Quest-long buffs let Game Masters offer substantial non-repeatable aid as part and parcel of the economy, allow you to perform crazed shamanic rituals or even give us a way of talking about what it means to wrest the reins from Mother Nature and control the weather over aforementioned capital city.

More importantly, it gives a clear and natural mechanic for delineating when these powerful effects expire.
The other mechanic is somewhat less cut-and-dry. It's no less important, but it hinges on a deep agreement between players and GM, which is something we expect but try not to trade on where we can avoid it. So that we can avoid some of the book-keeping found in other d20-based systems, we developed the Scene duration, which is roughly comparable to the hours/level duration in the SRD rules.
Scene-long effects last for roughly 3 to 5 encounters, or until the GM feels the narrative has shifted gears from one "scene" to another. This has the distinct advantage of giving magic a much more dynamic feeling, by adding a sense that in the same way that armor must be maintained regularly based on the amount of wear, protective magic likewise degrades based on the way it is used. While we could codify this as amounts, one big movement in the Legend system was a decrease in book-keeping without a decrease in the reliability of the rules. Scene duration forms a compromise here, and we must again emphasize the intended minimum durations for Scene-long effects.

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

189

with the new [Scene] being the midnight ambush that hurls them back into life-or-death combat. Of course, as noted in the sidebar, a single [Scene] should not last more than five encounters.
Quest
An effect that lasts throughout one entire arc of the plot, but is in effect primarily while that arc is being pursued directly. Any variation on this will be described in the text that explains the effect or bonus in question.
Distance
Legend expresses distance in terms of feet and squares. Each square is 5 ft long. When measuring distances on a diagonal angle across a square grid, count distances diagonally across as 1.5 squares.
Range
When expressing the range of abilities, Legend uses increments that scale based on the creature using any given ability. Thus, point-blank range for a hand crossbow is different for an experienced ranger (a dead-eye shot if there ever was one) than it is for a first-level rogue who is still learning to put bolts on target ­ and a high-level paladin dominates a large section of a battlefield with only his melee attacks.
There are 5 range categories in Legend by default. It is possible to use an ability that requires an attack roll and has a range category higher than [Melee] at a range category one higher than normal, but doing so imposes a -4 penalty on that

attack roll. Some feats and items also allow characters to make attacks at one or more range categories higher than normal. Any effect that reaches a range category automatically reaches any lower range category, so an effect with [Long] range also is capable of targeting within [Medium], [Close], and [Melee] range.
Range categories are expressed using feet, but can be converted to meters in the same way that distance is.
Melee range
[Melee] range defaults to 5 ft + 5 ft per 5 levels (up to 25 ft at level 20). Weapons with the [Reach] property add 5 ft to the wielder's [Melee] range, and [Melee] range increases by 5 ft for every size category above [Average] (so a [Large] [Giant] with 4 levels would have a [Melee] range of 10 ft).
Close range
[Close] range covers attacks with short-ranged weapons, such as hand crossbows, pistols, and many ray spells. [Close] range reaches up to 25 ft + 5 ft per 2 levels (up to 75 ft at level 20).
Medium range
[Medium] range covers attacks with bows, shortranged firearms, and many spells that affect small areas. [Medium] range reaches up to 100 ft + 10 ft per level (up to 300 ft at level 20).
Long range
[Long] range covers attacks with advanced firearms, magically enhanced bows, and short-range magical artillery. [Long] range reaches up to 400 ft + 40 ft per level (up to 1200 ft at level 20).

190

Extreme Range
[Extreme] range covers attacks with highly advanced ranged weapons and magitech artillery. [Extreme] range reaches up to 1,000 ft + 100 ft per level (up to 3000 ft at level 20). Due to the relatively low levels of technology (comparatively speaking) in Legend, the game does not (by default) assume engagement ranges longer than [Extreme] range.
Engagements at [Extreme] range are relatively rare due to the difficulty of targeting at such ranges. Specifically, all attack rolls and abilities that target something at [Extreme] range target a square instead of a creature, and have a one-[Round] travel time before they take effect. Such abilities affect any creatures present in the square or squares targeted when the effects arrive, and their success is determined by those creatures' Armor Class or saving throws, as applicable. Longer ranges can be implemented at a GM's discretion.
Tactical Movement
Difficult Terrain
Some terrain (such as a drawbridge littered with bodies, or an overgrown forest floor) is more difficult to move through. Moving out of a square of difficult terrain costs you twice as much movement as normal. (Moving diagonally out of difficult terrain when using a grid costs 15ft of movement for every square)
5 ft Step
A 5 ft step allows you to adjust your position by a single square without provoking an attack of opportunity, and does not cost an action. So long as

you do not spend a move action on moving during your turn, you can take a single 5 ft step anytime you would normally be able to take a move action. If you gain additional 5 ft steps from another source, you can make them regardless of how you use your move actions.
Occupying and Sharing Squares
A square is occupied if it contains a creature, a mount, or an impassable obstacle. A creature normally occupies one square at a time. You may not share a square occupied by an impassable obstacle (such as a thick castle wall). If you would move or be moved into an obstacle or square occupied by an impassable obstacle, you remain in your last unoccupied square(s) instead. If that still somehow ends with you in a square occupied by an impassable obstacle, you appear in a square of the GM's choice. Players beware.
You may enter or end movement in a square occupied by a mount with no occupants. However, you may not enter an opponent's square or end movement in any square occupied by another creature. If you somehow start your turn in another creature's occupied square, then you are immediately displaced to your choice of an adjacent unoccupied square that is not blocked by an obstacle, if such a square is available. This does not provoke attacks of opportunity. If there are no such available squares, or if you somehow find yourself in a creature's occupied square during your turn, you may move through, and end movement in, squares occupied by that creature until you are no longer sharing that creature's occupied squares. This movement provokes attacks of opportunity as normal.

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

191

Special Movement Modes
Some creatures possess one or more special movement modes, detailed below. Possessing a special movement mode allows a creature to gain or lose the condition associated with that movement mode (for example, a creature with the Fly movement mode may start [Flying]), usually by spending a free action that provokes an attack of opportunity, no more than once per [Round]. The creature's movement speed is unchanged, but in many cases the creature may avoid or ignore some obstacles to movement. Special movement modes obviously cannot be used in the absence of their relevant medium (solid ground for Burrow, for example, or liquid for Swim).
If a creature who already has a movement mode would gain the same movement mode from an ability, feat, or item, the creature gains a +10 ft bonus to its movement speed instead.
Fly Once per [Round], as a free action, a creature with the Fly movement mode may lift off or land. Lifting off allows the creature to gain the [Flying] condition, which causes it to lose the [Burrowing] or [Swimming] conditions if it possesses either. Landing removes the [Flying] condition from the creature. Lifting off and landing both provoke attacks of opportunity.
Creatures who have the Fly movement mode are not always considered [Flying]; for example, they may be hovering a few inches above the ground. As long as a non-[Burrowing] creature has the Fly movement mode and is capable of using it, it has [Immunity] to [Ground] effects.

Swim While most creatures swim using the Athletics skill, creatures with the Swim movement mode can move through liquid at their full movement speed without making skill checks. Once per [Round], as a free action, a creature with the Swim movement mode may dive or surface. Diving allows the creature to gain the [Swimming] condition and lose the [Flying] or [Burrowing] conditions if the creature possesses either. Surfacing removes the [Swimming] condition from the creature. Diving and surfacing both provoke attacks of opportunity. Creatures with the Swim movement mode are not at risk of suffocation while [Swimming].
Burrow Creatures with the Burrow movement mode can rapidly dig shallow tunnels from earth, sediment and weak stone that collapse behind them. Once per [Round], as a free action, a creature with the Burrow movement mode may dig in or surface. Digging in allows the creature to gain the [Burrowing] condition, which causes it to lose the [Flying] or [Swimming] conditions if it possesses either. Surfacing removes the [Burrowing] condition from the creature. Digging in and surfacing both provoke attacks of opportunity.
Soar A small number of items and effects allow creatures to ascend to and independently maintain flight at the sorts of extremely high altitudes that prevent one creature from interacting with another. As an action specified by the item or effect granting a creature the Soar movement mode, that creature may ascend or descend. Ascending allows the creature to gain the [Soaring] condition,

192

which causes it to lose the [Flying], [Burrowing], or [Swimming] conditions if it possesses any of them. A creature cannot gain the [Flying], [Burrowing], or [Swimming] conditions while it possess the [Soaring] condition. Descending removes the [Soaring] condition from the creature at which point the creature may choose to gain the [Flying] condition if it possesses the Fly movement mode. Ascending and descending both provoke attacks of opportunity.
Mounted Combat
Mounts are unique in Legend, in the sense that squares they occupy are specifically meant to be occupied by creatures. A mount can occupy a single 5 ft space, or it can occupy a square of such spaces (for instance, a space of 2 squares by 2 squares), and can have as many occupants, including its rider and any passengers, as can fit within its spaces. Any ability or effect that targets one square in a mount's space can instead target any other square in that mount's space. A mount's occupant is considered to be within any of the mount's squares when determining line of effect and line of sight. A mount's occupant may treat any of the mount's squares as if they occupied those squares. Creatures and squares
A Note on Mounts: Mounts are not necessarily inorganic vehicles; a mount may be a horse, for instance, or a friendly hunchback who gives piggyback rides. They are not, however, considered creatures whenever we refer to that term throughout the book. GMs should be very careful about offering mounts with more than a 25 ft by 25 ft space, which start to move beyond the scope of these rules.

adjacent to a mount are considered to be adjacent to any of the mount's occupants.
A mount's occupants cannot choose to move while onboard the mount; instead, they move when the mount does, at its movement speed and in the same direction. Occupants benefit from any special movement modes that the mount uses, gaining or losing any related conditions. All of a mount's occupants have line of sight and line of effect to each other, and are within [Melee] range of one another.
A creature that uses an ability or effect to forcibly move an mount's occupant may move the mount instead. A creature may only move target occupant with such an ability or effect if the creature is also an occupant of the mount; the first 5 ft of the forced movement is used to dismount target creature and place it in an unoccupied square of the other occupant's choice adjacent to the mount, if such a square is available. If the ability or effect does not offer a save to negate the forced movement, a successful Reflex save (DC 10 + 1/2 the other occupant's level + the other occupant's KOM) causes the mount to be moved instead. If a mount's occupant makes that successful save, or a successful save against an ability or effect that would force it to move, then for the rest of the [Round], other effects that would move the occupant would instead move the mount.
Effects that reduce the rider's movement speed or prevent movement affect the mount. Attacks of opportunity provoked during a mount's movement are made against any one of its occupants.
Creatures may climb onto a mount from any square in or adjacent to its space, and may likewise climb off of it to any square in or adjacent to its space. Climbing onto or off of a mount does not

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

193

count as movement, but doing so provokes an attack of opportunity, and is a move action for creatures with the Ride skill trained, or a move action and a standard action for creatures without the Ride skill trained. Alternately, as part of a move action, an occupant may leap recklessly off a non-[Burrowing] mount to any square in or adjacent to the mount's space, falling [Prone] unless it makes a successful Reflex save (DC 15 + 1 per 5 ft the mount had moved in the last [Round]). Creatures leaving a [Flying] mount without the Fly movement mode fall; this is a Hazardous Fall absent a forgiving GM. Creatures leaving a [Soaring] mount without the Soar movement mode enter free-fall as detailed in the [Soaring] condition. If a mount's rider does not wish for a given creature to board, that creature must make a successful Acrobatics, Athletics or Ride check (DC 10 + the rider's Ride skill bonus) to climb onto that mount; failure means the action is used with no effect. If a mount is [Flying], [Swimming], [Burrowing], or [Soaring] a creature must also possess the relevant condition to climb onto it.
Attacks of Opportunity
Sometimes a creature in melee combat lets its guard down. In this case, nearby combatants can take advantage of the lapse in defense to gain free attacks. These free attacks are called attacks of opportunity.
Threatened Squares
You threaten all squares within [Melee] range, even when it is not your turn. An enemy that takes certain actions while in a threatened square provokes an attack of opportunity from you.

Provoking an Attack of Opportunity
Generally speaking, activating spells and spelllike abilities provokes attacks of opportunity, while activating extraordinary and supernatural abilities does not provoke attacks of opportunity unless they cause the user to move out of threatened squares. The following actions provoke attacks of opportunity when performed in threatened squares.
Moving Moving out of a threatened square usually provokes an attack of opportunity from the threatening opponent. There are two common methods of avoiding such an attack: the 5 ft step and the Run action. Remember that movement caused by opponents (such as being [Blown away] by a Just Blade's Mental Thrust) or other allies (becoming the target of a friendly tactician's dimensional swap) does not count as an action made by you, and thus would not provoke an attack of opportunity unless otherwise stated.
Performing a Distracting Act Some actions, when performed in a threatened square, provoke attacks of opportunity as you divert your attention from the battle. Remember that even actions that normally provoke attacks of opportunity may have exceptions to this rule.
Ranged attacks Making one or more ranged attacks provokes an attack of opportunity.
Making an Attack of Opportunity
An attack of opportunity is a single melee attack, and you can only make one per [Round]. You

194

Action Cast a spell Draw a weapon Use a consumable Pick up an item in [Melee] range Use combat maneuver Use extraordinary ability
Use item Use skill Use spell-like ability Use supernatural ability

Action Cost Usually standard action Swift action or as part of move action
Swift action Move action See description See description See description See description See description See description

Provokes AoO Usually yes No Yes Yes
See description Usually no Usually no Usually no Usually yes Usually no

Table 7-1 Action Costs and Attacks of Opportunity

don't have to make an attack of opportunity if you don't want to.
An attack of opportunity does not count as an action, but effects that prevent you from taking actions or making attack rolls prevent you from making attacks of opportunity.
Combat Maneuvers
Combat maneuvers are special actions or tactics you can employ while attacking.
Bull Rush
A bull rush is the push or pull of another creature, used to save an ally from danger or to force an enemy into a dangerous position. As a standard action, you may push a creature within your [Melee] range 5 ft plus an additional distance up to half your movement speed in any direction; you move into their previously occupied space for each space they are pushed. An opponent can make either a Fortitude or Reflex save to resist being pushed (DC 10 + ½ your level + the higher of your STR or DEX modifiers).
You do not provoke attacks of opportunity while using this combat maneuver and the

creature you are pushing does not provoke attacks of opportunity while being pushed.
Charge
A charge is a straight-line movement ending in a melee attack. As a standard action, you may move up to your speed (but at least 10 ft) in a straight line and make a single melee attack. (You gain no additional attacks from high Base Attack Bonus or effects that grant additional attacks.) Any obstruction in a straight-line path prevents you from charging, although you could maneuver to a straight-line path, if one exists, with your move action before charging. When you charge, you gain a +2 bonus to attack rolls for one [Round], which includes your charge attack. However, charging inflicts a -2 penalty to your Armor class for one [Round].
Choke
As a move action, you may deal damage equal to your level to a creature [Pinned] by you and cause that creature to remain [Pinned] by you until the end of your next turn or until you are no longer adjacent to that creature. You may use this combat maneuver only once per [Round].

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

195

Deadly Aim
As a free action, before using a standard action to attack on your turn, you may apply a penalty equal to or less than your Base Attack Bonus on all ranged attack rolls that you make for one [Round], and apply that number as a bonus to damage on all ranged attacks that you make for one [Round].
Defensive Fighting
As a move action, you can fight defensively, gaining a +2 bonus to Armor Class for one [Round]. You may not fight defensively and Charge on the same turn.
Disarm
As a standard action, make a single melee attack. The attack does normal damage. In addition, if your attack hits, your opponent must make a Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + the higher of your STR or DEX modifiers) or drop the weapon it is currently wielding. If you still have a move action, you could use it to pick up a single item, as usual.
Drag
As a move action, you can move up to half your movement speed and cause either target adjacent ally or target creature that is [Grappled] or [Pinned] by you to move an equal distance in the same direction. Before this movement, you may remove the [Swimming] or [Flying] condition from both yourself and your target. Alternatively, you may inflict the [Swimming] condition on both yourself and your target, or you may inflict the [Flying] condition on both yourself and your target if you possess the Fly movement mode. If you inflict the [Flying] condition on your target

and it lacks the Fly movement mode and is not [Grappled] by you, it loses the [Flying] condition and falls at the end of your next turn unless you use the Drag combat maneuver on it during your next turn.
A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + the higher of your STR or DEX modifiers) negates all effects of the drag combat maneuver, including movement. (This includes effects on the creature activating the maneuver.) A [Pinned] creature cannot make this save, and a willing ally may choose not to make the save.
You cannot use the drag combat maneuver if your target is [Grappled] or [Pinned] by any other creatures, or if you are [Grappled] by any creatures other than your target. A creature can only be targeted by the drag combat maneuver once per [Round].
Grapple
As a standard action, make a single melee attack for normal damage. If you hit, you may either move your opponent into an unoccupied square adjacent to you or move into an unoccupied square adjacent to your opponent and your opponent becomes [Grappled] by you until you become [Dead] or [Helpless], or until you are no longer in a square adjacent to that opponent. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + the higher of your STR or DEX modifiers) negates the [Grappled] condition.
Pin
As a standard action, make a single melee attack for normal damage against an adjacent opponent

196

that is not [Pinned] and has been [Grappled] for one or more consecutive [Rounds] that include this [Round]. A hit causes you to become [Grappled] by the target, and your target to become [Pinned] by you until the end of your next turn, until you are no longer adjacent to that opponent, or until you become [Dead] or [Helpless]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + the higher of your STR or DEX modifiers) negates the [Pinned] condition.

your attack hits, your opponent must make a Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + the higher of your STR or DEX modifiers) or become [Prone].
Run
As a standard action, you can move up to your speed without provoking an attack of opportunity. This does not preclude using your move action to move again (for a total of twice your normal move speed).

Power Attack
As a free action, before using a standard action to attack on your turn, you may apply a penalty equal to or less than your Base Attack Bonus on all melee attack rolls that you make for one [Round], and apply twice that number as a bonus to all damage on all melee attacks that you make for one [Round]. You may not use Power Attack and use Defensive Fighting or Precise Strike in the same [Round].
Precise Strike
As a free action, before using a standard action to attack on your turn, you may apply a penalty less than or equal to your Base Attack Bonus to the damage of all attacks you make for one [Round]. For every 3 points of penalty, you gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls and your attacks each ignore a total of 2 points of [Damage reduction] and [Resistance] for one [Round].
You may not use precise strike in the same [Round] as you use Deadly Aim, Defensive Fighting or Power Attack.
Trip
As a standard action, make a single melee attack. The attack does normal damage. In addition, if

Vision and Detection
Line of Sight
A line of sight is a straight, unblocked line between two squares that indicates what a creature can clearly distinguish. Your line of sight normally extends only to [Long] range, however, you automatically attempt to establish line of sight to any creature within [Extreme] range that takes an offensive action that would affect a square you occupy. You may also attempt to establish line of sight to creatures currently within [Extreme] range by spending part of a move action to locate distant creatures. Beyond [Extreme] range, you cannot usually maintain line of sight.
Line of sight is blocked by solid barriers and similar limitations that affect normal sight, as well as the Stealth skill, and is limited by darkness, fog, smoke, and certain conditions. Some vision modes can establish line of sight through some of these barriers.
You are [Flat-footed] against any creature to which you do not have line of sight, and are not automatically aware of the square or squares it occupies, or even the direction to it. You can attempt

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

197

to attack a creature you do not have line of sight to in a square you believe it occupies. If the creature is there, you attack them as normal. If the creature isn't there, then your attack does nothing.
Line of Effect
A line of effect is a straight, unblocked line between two squares or a grid intersection and a square that indicates what an ability or attack can target or affect.
A line of effect is canceled by any solid barrier that would normally be sufficient to block movement without a special movement mode, and by certain abilities that specifically block line of effect. You can establish line of effect even without line of sight, and in some cases it may be possible to have line of sight without line of effect. For example, a sphere of darkness or a paper screen would block line of sight but not line of effect, while a cage of unbreakable glass or wall of invisible force would block line of effect but not line of sight. You must have a clear line of effect to any target against which you attempt to activate an ability, or to any space in which you wish to create an effect. You must have a clear line of effect to the point of origin of any ability you activate. If you somehow occupy the interior of an object or terrain feature that would block line of effect, it blocks your line of effect.
An area effect affects only an area, creatures, or objects to which it has line of effect from its origin.
An otherwise solid barrier with a hole of at least 1 square foot through it only blocks line of effect for melee attacks. It is not treated as a barrier for any other attack or ability.

Vision Modes
Ghostwise Sight Whenever a creature or object moves 5 ft or more within the range of your [Ghostwise sight], it becomes visible to you as a trailing phantasm, allowing you to see where it moves, until the end of that movement, even if it moves via a [Teleport] effect. If they are [Invisible], your perception is blurred, but not completely fooled, and you ignore the normal effects of [Invisible], but treat the target as [Concealed] for purposes of aiming and other interactions. Interestingly, this means that even if it would be hidden by a wall, you can see it as though it had no cover. Unfortunately, the wall will still stop an arrow. A successful Stealth check against your Awareness defense reduces this to a general directional awareness of the creature which made the Stealth check.
Tremorsense [Tremorsense] bestows all the benefits and restrictions of [Ghostwise sight], but pierces [Invisible] completely and also obviates any distortion created by a [Teleport] effect. Further, as a swift action, you can image the area, locating stationary objects and creatures. This allows you to make a Perception check (DC 10 + creature's total Stealth modifier) to detect each creature in the area using the Stealth skill, and also allows you to automatically detect any creatures in the area to which you do not have Line of Sight and which are not using the Stealth skill, and discern the features of terrain in the area that you could not otherwise perceive with normal vision or other special vision modes.

198

Darkvision You have sight beyond sight, but only a little beyond. You can see in the dark, allowing you to ignore difficulties of poor illumination. Additionally, magical darkness generated by any effect of fourth circle or lower is reduced to an uneven shadowing of your vision, allowing you to ignore its effects.
Blindsight [Blindsight] functions as if it were [Darkvision] within its limited range, but ignore magical darkness of 6th circle or lower, and ignores [Concealed], [Fully concealed], the [Invisible] condition, and Stealth bonuses from clouds, smoke, and other forms of concealment that rely on eliminating visual cues.

[Disabled], and reducing a creature to -1 HP or less renders it either [Dying] or [Stable], at the discretion of the creature who dealt the damage.
Damage Types Damage in Legend breaks down into several categories. Most of the time, these specific categories won't matter, but on occasion (particularly when dealing with [Resistance] they'll come up. When they do, here's what you have to remember.
Physical
Damage from attacks made with weapons and unspecified damage from extraordinary abilities and magic items is physical damage.
Energy
Damage from [Acid], [Cold], [Electricity] and [Fire] is energy damage.

Injury and Death
Injury
In Legend, hit points represent an abstract resource reflecting stress levels, endurance, and fighting capability. Serious injuries do not generally happen until a creature is on its last few hit points; that is why one can restore hit points with a decent rest and even more with trivial Medicine checks.
Some effects inflict damage that might amount to an injury or particularly serious conditions that can impair a creature's combat and social abilities. See the Condition Summary section for these conditions.
Once a creature is on its last few hit points, serious wounds and injuries become a concern. Reducing a creature to exactly 0 HP renders it

Magic
Damage from [Force], [Negative] and [Positive], as well as unspecified damage from spells, spelllike abilities and supernatural abilities is magic damage.
Additional Damage Additional damage is damage that is dealt as a part of an attack, ability, condition, or effect and is added to its damage. If the additional damage is originally stated to have a type or associated descriptor that does not match the type or associated descriptor of the attack, ability, condition, or effect's damage, then it is dealt separately as that type with the associated descriptor (if any).
Whenever damage gains a descriptor that is a specific damage type, replace that damage's type

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

199

with the damage type that descriptor is. That damage then loses any descriptors that are a damage type.
Healing
Whenever an effect heals a specified number of HP, the affected creature increases its current HP by that amount, though its current HP can never exceed its maximum HP. Most forms of healing are prevented by the [Battered] condition.
Natural Healing After an 8-hour rest, a creature who has at least 1 hit point or has been stabilized with the Medicine skill heals 2 hit points per level, and a day of complete relaxation (with no encounters) counts as two 8-hour rests. Some effects do damage that cannot be naturally healed.
Fast Healing Some creatures have the extraordinary ability to heal very quickly, tagged as [Fast healing]. This ability always includes a number, such as "[Fast healing] 3"; a creature with this ability heals that number of hit points every [Round] at the beginning of its turn. The [Battered] condition negates healing from this source while it is active, although the healing resumes once the condition is gone.
Using the Medicine Skill Healing resulting from the Medicine skill stacks with natural healing. If the Medicine skill is used to stabilize a [Dying] or [Disabled] creature, natural healing resumes normally afterward.

[Healing] Effects [Healing] effects are supernatural, spell-like or spell abilities that restore a creature's health instantly. They can also temporarily grant the [Fast healing] ability. The [Battered] condition negates healing from these effects.
Temporary HP Temporary HP are "fake" hit points that can bring your total HP above your maximum HP. When you take damage, temporary HP are lost first. Multiple pools of temporary HP do not stack; only the largest source of temporary HP applies at any given time. All of your temporary HP pools are reduced when you take damage, even if they are not being applied to your HP total. Unless otherwise noted, temporary HP last until the end of the [Encounter], though the party should have ample time before that happens to properly heal a creature only kept conscious or alive through temporary HP.
Death
If a creature has HP equal to the negative of its Constitution score or lower, it is [Dead]. [Dead] creatures cannot sense their surroundings, act, think, or reflect. Their souls depart from their bodies. At the discretion of the creature who dealt the fatal damage, a creature may be left [Unconscious] and [Stable] instead, with one HP more than the minimum that would kill it.

200

Condition Summary
If more than one condition affects a character, apply them all; however, multiple copies of the same condition do not stack unless the condition description specifies otherwise. If certain effects can't combine, apply the most severe effect.

Blown Away
A creature can be [Blown away] in a specific direction by winds of high velocity. A creature on the ground that is blown away is knocked [Prone] and rolls 1d4 × 10 ft, away from the source of the effect unless otherwise specified. A [Flying] creature that is [Blown away] is blown 2d6 × 10 ft instead.

Battered
The creature's current HP cannot be increased by any effect, rendering them effectively immune to healing. This does not prevent them from gaining temporary HP.
This condition is automatically removed from a [Dying], [Stable], [Unconscious], or [Dead] creature. Unless otherwise noted, this condition expires at the end of the [Encounter].
Bleeding
A creature that is [Bleeding] suffers 1d4 [HP reduction] each [Round] at the beginning of its turn plus an additional 1d4 [HP reduction] for every [Round] it has continuously been [Bleeding]. This condition lasts three [Rounds], but the duration resets each time an effect would inflict it. Affected creatures may spend a move action to remove this condition, but doing so provokes attacks of opportunity.
Blinded
The creature cannot see, and the resulting disorientation causes a -4 penalty on Perception checks. The creature treats all creatures as if they were [Invisible]. (Special vision modes like [Tremorsense] are as effective as always.)

Burrowing
[Burrowing] creatures move through earth, soil, and sediment with relative ease. [Burrowing] creatures are deep enough underground that a non-burrowing creature may only target them with [Ground] effects or if they are in its [Melee] range. However, [Burrowing] creatures are close enough to the ground that they can be caught in [Ground] and area effects. A [Burrowing] creature may only target non-[Burrowing] creatures if they are within its [Melee] range. [Burrowing] otherwise does not affect line of effect, and does not affect line of sight. [Burrowing] creatures are only considered adjacent to other [Burrowing] creatures.
[Burrowing] creatures ignore above-ground obstacles that are not specifically identified as affecting [Burrowing] creatures, such as walls with shallow foundations, and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost them extra movement. They are not at risk of suffocating due to the lack of air underground. A [Burrowing] creature can move through the space of a non-[Burrowing] creature, and vice versa, but cannot end a movement in that space.
Burning
A creature that is [Burning] takes 1d4 damage each [Round] at the beginning of its turn plus an additional 1d4 damage for every [Round] it has

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

201

continuously been [Burning]. The damage is not subject to [Damage reduction] or [Resistance]. This condition lasts three [Rounds], but the duration resets each time an effect would inflict it. Creatures may spend a move action to remove this condition from themselves or a creature within [Melee] range, but doing so provokes attacks of opportunity.
Checked
A creature that is [Checked] is prevented from achieving forward motion by an applied force, such as wind. [Checked] creatures on the ground merely are unable to move in one or more specified directions. A [Flying] creature is blown back 1d6 × 10 ft in the opposite direction, unless this condition prevents movement in all directions, in which case it is not blown back. This is a [Binding] effect.
Concealed
A [Concealed] creature is partially obscured by a cloud, [Glamer] effect, or other object or effect that does not outright stop attacks. Attacks targeting a [Concealed] creature suffer a 20% [Miss chance].

Confused
A [Confused] creature cannot determine its own actions. If an opponent takes an offensive action against a [Confused] creature, that opponent becomes the [Confused] creature's jerk. The creature takes offensive actions against the jerk on its next turn (as long as it is still confused when that turn comes), moving toward it as necessary. A [Confused] creature may attempt to leave an area of effect created by an offensive action so long as this would not prevent it from taking offensive actions against the jerk. A [Confused] creature may only make attacks of opportunity against the jerk.
If a [Confused] creature has no jerk to target, then its actions are determined by rolling d% at the beginning of its turn:

0-10 11-20 21-50 51-70
71-100

Attack the source of the condition (or move towards it if attacking is not possible) Act normally Do nothing but babble incoherently
Run with its standard action and move with its move action if either action is available Move toward and (if possible) take an attack
action against the nearest creature.

A [Confused] creature who can't carry out the indicated action does nothing but babble incoherently.

The Fear Ladder: [Fear] effects function with increasing severity if a character is already afraid. It is helpful to think of fear effects as a "ladder", with the worst condition at the top and less-severe conditions stacking on top of each other to create more severe effects.
Each application of a condition increases a creature's total fear level by the given amount, and when the total equals or exceeds the Severity of a given condition, the creature is afflicted with that condition instead of the previous one. If a creature afflicted

with a given condition is affected by an effect that removes a lesser condition, subtract the corresponding adjustment from the creature's total fear level, and change the creature's fear condition as needed.

Condition [Cowering] [Panicked] [Frightened]
[Shaken]

Severity 12 7 3 1

Increase ­ +5 +3 +2

202

Covered
A [Covered] creature is protected from attack by some kind of obstruction (such as a wall or tree). A [Covered] creature gains a +2 bonus to AC.
Cowering
The creature is frozen in fear and can take no actions. A [Cowering] creature takes a -2 penalty to Armor Class and loses her Key Defensive Modifier bonus to AC (if any).
Unless otherwise noted, this condition expires at the end of the [Encounter].
Damage Reduction
Whenever you would take damage from a physical or untyped source (such as a melee attack, but not a [Fire] spell), it is reduced by a specific amount given in the description of the ability that granted you damage reduction. Multiple sources of [Damage reduction] stack.

Dead
[Dead] creatures cannot benefit from normal or magical healing, but they can be restored to life via certain means. A [Dead] body decays normally unless magically preserved, but magic that restores a [Dead] creature to life also restores the body either to full health or to its condition at the time of death (depending on the spell or device). Either way, resurrected creatures need not worry about rigor mortis, decomposition, and other conditions that affect dead bodies. [Dead] creatures are objects, not creatures, and can neither sense their surroundings nor act.
Deafened
A [Deafened] creature cannot hear. It has a -5 penalty to Awareness and on Perception checks and has the results of its initiative reduced by 5. A creature does not act again on their new initiative until the next [Round].

Dazed
The creature is unable to act normally. A dazed creature can take no actions other than a single 5 ft step per [Round], but has no penalty to AC.
The dazed condition typically lasts 1 [Round].
Dazzled
The creature is unable to see well because of overstimulation of the eyes. A [Dazzled] creature takes a -1 penalty on attack rolls and Perception checks. The [Dazzled] condition generally lasts no more than 5 [Rounds].
A [Blinded] creature has [Immunity] to being [Dazzled ].

Disabled
A creature with exactly 0 hit points, or a [Stable] creature who is not [Unconscious], is [Disabled]. A [Disabled] creature may take only a single move action or standard action each [Round] (but not both, or swift or immediate actions), and has its movement speed halved. A [Disabled] creature that takes a standard action takes 1 damage, which ignores [Damage reduction] and [Resistance], after the action is completed.
Dying
A [Dying] creature is near death, and has negative hit points but is not [Dead]. A [Dying] creature is [Unconscious] for as long as it is [Dying]. At the

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

203

end of each [Round], starting with the [Round] in which the creature gains this condition, the creature's recovery is subject to a percentile chance for failure; a d% roll under 91 means that the creature takes 1 point of damage, which ignores [Damage reduction] and [Resistance]. Otherwise, the creature ceases to be [Dying] and becomes [Stable]. Additionally, if a [Dying] creature's hit points reach an amount equal to the negative of its Constitution score or lower, it is [Dead]. If its hit points reach 0 or higher, it ceases to be [Dying].
Energy Drained
A creature with this condition suffers a -1 penalty to all d20 rolls and to Armor Class. Whenever a creature inflicts [Energy drained], the penalty from it stacks with any other penalties from [Energy drained], up to a maximum of the inflicting creature's highest circle. (This does not decrease the penalty if it is already higher than the inflicting creature's highest circle.)
Unless otherwise noted, [Energy drained] expires at the end of the [Scene].

this condition lasts until the end of the current [Scene]. A creature that is [Exhausted] cannot gain the [Fatigued] condition until it is no longer [Exhausted ].
Fatigued
A [Fatigued] creature can neither Run nor Charge and takes a -1 penalty to d20 rolls. If a [Fatigued] creature would become [Fatigued], it becomes [Exhausted] instead. If a [Fatigued] creature becomes [Exhausted], it loses this condition. Unless otherwise noted, this condition lasts until the end of the current [Scene].
Flat-footed
A creature who has not yet acted during a combat is [Flat-footed], not yet reacting normally to the situation. In addition, a creature is [Flat-footed] against attacks made by any creature to which it does not have line of sight. A [Flat-footed] creature cannot make attacks of opportunity or take immediate actions, and takes a -3 penalty to Armor Class.

Entangled
Being [Entangled] impedes movement, but does not entirely prevent it. An [Entangled] creature has its movement speed halved, cannot Run or Charge, and takes a -2 penalty to attack rolls and AC. This is a [Binding] effect.
Exhausted
An [Exhausted ] creature has its movement speed halved, can neither Run nor Charge, and takes a -2 penalty to d20 rolls. An hour of rest removes this condition and makes the creature [Fatigued] instead, but unless otherwise noted,

Flying
[Flying] creatures are far enough above the ground that grounded creatures treat them as outside their [Melee] range (and vice versa), but at low enough altitude that they can be targeted by ranged weapons and are caught in area effects. [Flying] creatures are only considered adjacent to other [Flying] creatures.
[Flying] creatures ignore obstacles they can fly over that are not specifically identified as affecting [Flying] creatures, such as walls without ceilings, and moving out of a square of difficult

204

terrain does not cost them extra movement. A [Flying] creature can move through the space of a non-[Flying] creature, and vice versa, but cannot end a movement in that space. [Flying] creatures have [Immunity] to [Ground] effects.
Frightened
A [Frightened] creature takes a -2 penalty to all d20 rolls, and must choose to fight or flee at the beginning of its turn each [Round]. If the creature decides to flee, its only available actions until the beginning of its next turn are to Run and use its move action(s) to move.
A [Frightened] creature that decides to fight on its turn must skip either a standard action or move action during its turn (This has no effect if the creature already skips a standard action or all its move actions due to other conditions). A [Frightened] creature that is unable to flee must fight.
Unless otherwise noted, this condition expires at the end of the [Encounter].
Fully Concealed
A [Fully concealed] creature is barely visible. Attacks targeting a [Fully concealed] creature suffer a 50% [Miss chance].
Grappled
A [Grappled] creature is restrained by one or more opponents in adjacent squares; these opponents are said to be "grappling" it. The [Grappled] creature loses any Stealth check result it may have had, can only ever move under its own power with [Teleport] effects, and the only actions it can make freely are attack actions or combat maneuvers against creatures that are grappling it.

A grappled creature may remove the [Grappled] condition with a successful Reflex save made as a move or standard action, or use an extraordinary, spell-like, or supernatural ability or a spell with a successful Will save. It still uses the action required for that ability on a failed save. The DC of these saves is the highest among the grappling opponents of the following: 10 + ½ opponent's level + the higher of the opponent's STR or DEX modifiers + 1 for each additional grappling opponent.
Greater Resistance
Whenever a creature with [Greater resistance] to a particular damage type or descriptor would take damage from that damage type or would take damage with that descriptor, it is reduced by twice that creature's character level, or if the effect granting that creature [Greater resistance] does not originate from that creature, twice the character level of the effect's source. Effects that would ignore or reduce the effects of [Resistance] also apply to [Greater resistance]. [Resistance] and [Lesser resistance] do not stack with [Greater resistance].
Helpless
A [Helpless] creature is held, bound, sleeping, or otherwise completely at an opponent's mercy. A helpless target loses its KDM bonus to AC, can take no actions, and cannot choose to use abilities. Unless held upright or airborne, a [Helpless] creature loses [Flying] and is [Prone], but if it falls [Prone], ranged attacks made against it do not suffer the normal penalty.
Immunity
A creature with [Immunity] to conditions, damage or effects with a particular descriptor, or

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

205

damage of a particular type may choose to not be affected by those conditions, effects, or damage.
Invisible
Visually undetectable. [Invisible] creatures are [Fully concealed] and gain a +5 bonus to Stealth rolls.
If an [Invisible] creature did not make a Stealth roll in the last [Round], at the beginning of its turn, it may compare (10 + its level + DEX - cumulative penalties to the Stealth skill + cumulative bonuses to the Stealth skill) to the Awareness defense of each creature with line of sight to it. If this number equals or exceeds that creature's Awareness defense, that creature loses line of sight to the invisible creature. (Remember, the cumulative modifiers to the Stealth skill are those listed under the Stealth skill as cumulative to all Stealth checks over the course of an [Encounter] and do not include the bonus granted by the [Invisible] condition itself.)
Knocked Down
Depending on their size, creatures can be [Knocked down] by winds of high velocity or other forces. Creatures on the ground are knocked [Prone] by the force of the wind. [Flying] creatures are instead blown back 1d6 × 10 ft.

from that creature, half the character level of the effect's source (minimum 1 point of reduction). Effects that would ignore or reduce the effects of [Resistance] also apply to [Lesser resistance]. If a creature would gain [Lesser resistance] to the same damage type or descriptor from two sources, it gains [Resistance] to that damage type or descriptor instead. If a creature would gain [Lesser resistance] to the same damage type or descriptor from three or more sources, it gains [Greater resistance] instead.
Nauseated
Experiencing distress in whatever passes for a stomach. [Nauseated] creatures are unable to attack, cast spells, concentrate on spells, or do anything else requiring attention. The only action such a creature can take is a single move action per turn.
Unless otherwise noted, this condition lasts 1 [Round ].
Panicked
A [Panicked] creature takes a -2 penalty on all d20 rolls. A [Panicked] creature's only available actions are to Run and use its move action(s) to move.
Unless otherwise noted, this condition expires at the end of the [Encounter].

Lesser Resistance
Whenever a creature with [Lesser resistance] to a particular damage type or descriptor would take damage from that damage type or would take damage with that descriptor, it is reduced by half that creature's character level (minimum 1 point of reduction), or if the effect granting that creature [Lesser resistance] does not originate

Paralyzed
A [Paralyzed] creature is [Helpless]. When a creature becomes [Paralyzed], it loses the [Flying] condition and falls. A creature can move through a space occupied by a [Paralyzed] creature, whether or not the [Paralyzed] creature is an ally. Each square occupied by a [Paralyzed] creature, however, counts as difficult terrain. Once per [Round],

206

at the end of its turn, a [Paralyzed] creature may make a Fortitude save with a DC equal to that of the save it failed against to receive this condition. A successful Fortitude save removes this condition. Unless otherwise stated, this condition lasts for one [Round]. This is a [Binding] effect.
Petrified
A creature who becomes [Petrified] is [Helpless], though it is not rendered [Prone]. A creature that becomes [Petrified] loses the [Flying] condition and falls. Once per [Round], at the end of its turn, a [Petrified] creature may make a Fortitude save with a DC equal to that of the save it failed against to receive this condition. A successful Fortitude save removes this condition but leaves the creature [Energy drained] by the source of the petrification. If this condition's duration ends, the creature is left [Energy drained] by the source of the petrification. Unless otherwise stated, the [Petrified] condition lasts for one [Round].
Pinned
A [Pinned] creature is immobilized by an opponent, taking a -5 penalty to AC. It can only take one kind of action: as a move or standard action, it can remove the [Pinned] condition and become [Grappled] by the opponent by which it was pinned instead with a successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ opponent's level + the higher of the opponent's STR or DEX modifiers). It may make this action even though it is [Grappled]. [Pinned] is a [Binding] effect.
Prone
The creature is on the ground or otherwise temporarily disoriented in its movement. It can move

no more than 5 ft per [Round], cannot take 5 ft. steps, takes a -3 penalty to melee attack rolls and is [Flat-footed] against melee attacks, but is [Covered] against ranged attacks. As a swift action which provokes attacks of opportunity, or as a move action which does not provoke attacks of opportunity, a creature can fall [Prone], or stand up and remove the prone condition.
Resistance
Whenever a creature with [Resistance] to a particular damage type or descriptor would take damage from that damage type or would take damage with that descriptor, it is reduced by that creature's character level, or if the effect granting that creature [Resistance] does not originate from that creature, the character level of the effect's source. If you would gain [Resistance] to the same damage type or descriptor from two sources, or if you would gain [Resistance] and [Lesser resistance] to the same damage type or descriptor, you gain [Greater resistance] to that damage type or descriptor instead. [Lesser resistance] does not stack with [Resistance].
Revealed
This creature cannot benefit from being [Concealed] or [Fully concealed].
Unless otherwise noted, this condition lasts one [Round].
Soaring
[Soaring] creatures are far enough above the ground that creatures who are not also [Soaring]cannot draw line of effect to them. A [Soaring]creature are not within any range of non-[Soaring] creatures, and vice-versa. [Soaring] creatures are only considered adjacent to other [Soaring]creatures.

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

207

[Soaring] creatures ignore obstacles they can fly over that are not specifically identified as affecting [Soaring] creatures, such as walls without ceilings, and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost them extra movement. A[Soaring] creature can move through the space of a non-[Soaring] creature, and vice versa, but cannot end a movement in that space. [Soaring] creatures have [Immunity] to [Ground] effects.
If a creature does not possess the Soar movement mode while [Soaring], it begins free-falling unless it possesses the Fly movement mode. Creatures with the Fly movement mode can continue [Soaring] on their own for the duration of a single [Encounter], after which they can manage a controlled fall. Creatures in free-fall while [Soaring] cannot move voluntarily except with [Teleport] effects, but remain [Soaring] for 5 [Rounds], during which they cease to fall if they gain the Fly or Soar movement mode. If a creature does not gain the Fly or Soar movement mode in time, it hits the ground; this is considered a Dramatic Plunge absent a forgiving GM.
Shaken
A [Shaken] creature takes a -2 penalty on d20 rolls. [Shaken] is a less severe state of fear than [Frightened] or [Panicked].
Unless otherwise noted, this condition expires at the end of the [Encounter].
Sickened
The creature takes a -2 penalty on all d20 rolls. Unless otherwise noted, this condition expires
at the end of the [Encounter].

Slowed
A [Slowed] creature must skip either a standard action or move action during his turn. If the creature already skips a standard action or all his move actions, this condition has no effect. Unless otherwise noted, this condition expires at the end of the [Encounter]. This is a [Binding] effect.
Stable
A creature who has negative hit points but is not [Dying] is [Stable]. The creature remains [Unconscious] until it is raised to at least 0 hit points, revived with the Medicine skill, or the [Scene] ends, at which point it awakens [Disabled] and at negative hit points. A [Stable] creature that suffers any hit point damage ceases to be [Stable]and is [Dying] unless the hit point damage would make it [Dead].
Stunned
A [Stunned] creature drops the weapon it is currently wielding, can't take actions, and suffers a -2 penalty to AC.
Unless otherwise noted, this condition lasts one [Round].
Swimming
[Swimming] creatures are submerged, and must navigate with either the Athletics skill or the Swim movement mode. [Swimming] creatures are submerged deep enough that surfaced creatures treat them as outside their [Melee] range (and vice versa), but at a shallow enough depth that they can be targeted by ranged attacks and are caught in area effects. [Swimming] creatures are only considered adjacent to other [Swimming] creatures.

208

[Swimming] creatures ignore obstacles above the waves that are not specifically identified as affecting [Swimming] creatures, and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost them extra movement. They are at risk for suffocation, however, unless they possess the Swim movement mode or don't need to breathe. A [Swimming] creature can move through the space of a creature that is not also [Swimming], and vice versa, but cannot end a movement in that space.
Once per [Round], a creature in an appropriate liquid may dive or surface. Diving requires a swift action, and allows the creature to begin [Swimming], which causes it to lose the [Burrowing] or [Flying] conditions if it possesses either. Surfacing requires an Athletics check as a move action, with a DC equal to that of a check for the liquid medium the creature is currently swimming in. Success means the creature is no longer [Swimming]; failure means the creature continues [Swimming], but the action is still used up. Diving and surfacing both provoke attacks of opportunity.
Unconscious
An [Unconscious] creatures is [Helpless] and entirely unaware of its environment. It does not have line of sight to anything, cannot take mental actions, and has an Awareness of 0. Unless otherwise noted, this condition lasts until the end of the current [Scene].
Vulnerability
Whenever an attack or ability would deal damage to a creature, if that creature has [Vulnerability] to one or more damage types and/or descriptors

that damage has, it deals that much damage plus the character level of its source instead.
Descriptor Summary
[Acid] effects consist of caustic substances that eat away at whatever they hit.
[Arming] effects create a new weapon or transmute an existing weapon. No two [Arming] effects can coexist on the same weapon. Additional [Arming] effects applied to the same weapon override ones previously applied.
[Binding] effects control or restrict a creature's movement.
[Cold] effects create icy substances or leech heat from an area.
[Darkness] effects absorb or obstruct light.
[Death] effects horribly harm a creature and generally threaten to leave it [Battered]. A creature may only activate one death effect in any given [Round ].
[Dispelling] effects end active effects created by spells or spell-like abilities. If a creature using a [Dispelling] effect on an opponent does not know what effects are present on the opponent, the highest-circle effect eligible to be ended is ended. Ending an effect created by a spell or spell-like ability that targeted a creature ends only the effect on that creature and does not affect other creatures.

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

209

[Electricity] effects cause electrical shock or overload, potentially burning or disrupting creatures.
[Fear] effects frighten creatures.
[Figment] effects create an illusory image, object, or sound.
[Fire] effects burn stuff.

chance] is subject to a percentile chance for failure; a d% roll under the specified threshold (usually 20% or 50%) means that the attack misses. Apply only the highest applicable [Miss chance] to any given attack roll.
[Negative] effects are tied to negative energy, which animates and bolsters [Undead] creatures but is inimical to living creatures.

[Force] effects create tangible magical structures or shapes
[Glamer] effects alter or obscure the appearance of an object.
[Ground] effects alter the ground in some way but do not extend above the ground. [Swimming] creatures and creatures with the Fly movement mode have [Immunity] to ground effects.
[HP reduction] effects reduce a creature's maximum hit points until the end of the [Encounter]. Such effects do not affect a creature's actual hit points unless its actual hit points are above the new maximum, in which case the creature has only its current maximum hit points. [HP reduction] effects stack with each other, but cannot total to more than half of a creature's normal maximum hit points.
[Light] effects emit photons that make it easier to see, or blind creatures. [Mind-affecting] effects alter one's mental state.
[Miss chance] effects give a creature an additional defense against incoming attack rolls. Any attack roll that would normally hit a creature with [Miss

[Positive] effects are tied to positive energy, which heals and invigorates living creatures but harms [Undead] creatures.
[Precision] effects exploit weak points for massive damage. Only a single source of additional damage with the [Precision] descriptor can apply to any single attack.
[Sensor] effects create a magical sensor that acts as a proxy for a spellcaster's senses.
[Surge] effects are bursts of magic or sheer effort. A creature may only activate one [Surge] effect per [Round ].
[Teleport] effects cause creatures and the items they are currently carrying to instantly move from one square to another, without physically passing through the intervening squares. The creature simply disappears in one place and reappears in another, though the creature may choose to treat itself as having moved into the squares on the shortest path between the two places to trigger certain abilities.
The destination square must be unoccupied. If any line from the starting square to the destination

210

square would pass through a [Force] effect, such as a wall of force spell, the teleport effect is interrupted, causing the creature to instead appear in the nearest square adjacent to that [Force] effect.
[Teleport] effects require line of sight from the starting point to their destination point. Actions used to move that would normally provoke attacks of opportunity only provoke from opponents who threaten the teleporting creature's starting square if that movement has the [Teleport] descriptor.
[Volley] effects expand the breadth and range of attacks. An attack with the [Volley] descriptor may be applied against multiple creatures: A single attack roll is made, and the result is compared to the AC of each affected creature as though those creatures were attacked individually. Abilities and effects other than the attack's normal damage that take place as the result of a hit or critical hit only activate once as a result of the attack, and apply to no more than one creature the attack hit, of the attacker's choice. An attack with the [Volley] descriptor may not be applied against a given creature more than once per attack.
[Ward] effects create a magical barrier or protection for a creature.
[Warp] effects are [Teleport] effects that do not require line of sight, do not provoke attacks of opportunity, and are not interrupted by [Force] effects.
Area Effects
An area effect originates from a single square or creature. Unless otherwise stated, an area effect

affects [Flying], [Swimming], and [Burrowing] creatures the same way it affects creatures without those conditions.
Spreads expand evenly in all directions. If a spread originates from a square, its radius is measured from a vertex of that square. (The source of the effect that creates the spread chooses the vertex.) If a spread originates from a creature, its radius is measured from each edge of each square that creature occupies, and its area includes each square within any of these measurements. (A spread that originates from a creature that occupies more than one square is larger than an identical spread originating from a creature that occupies only a single square.)
Wedges expand from a vertex of a square in a quarter-circle out to their given length. If a wedge originates from a square, the source of the effect chooses a vertex of that square. If a wedge originates from a creature, the source of the effect chooses a square that creature occupies and chooses a vertex of that square. A wedge can point in any of eight directions when drawn on a grid (up and down, sideways, and diagonally). Complete rules for wedges and example diagrams for how to draw these area effects can be found in Appendix A-1.
Lines extend in a given direction. This direction is chosen by the source of the effect, unless otherwise stated. If a line originates from a square, it extends from that square. If a line originates from a creature, it extends from a square that creature occupies (the source of the effect chooses this square). Unless otherwise stated, a line is 5 ft wide.

Chapter IX: Combat Rules

211

Complete rules for lines and example diagrams for how to draw these area effects can be found in Appendix A-1.
Glossary
Ally refers to any creature in an [Encounter] that you choose to regard as friendly for the purpose of any particular action or ability. You cannot treat a creature as an ally unless they allow you to do so. You are always your own ally. You can assign this term as you wish, though a creature can never be treated as both an ally and an opponent for purposes of a single instance of the same effect.
Attack refers to making an attack roll in order to hit a creature with a weapon, ability, or natural attack. Depending on the implement used, an attack is either a melee attack or a ranged attack.
Attack action refers to the full set of attacks that a creature is entitled to make when using a standard action to attack.
[Bonus attack] denotes an additional attack added to the attacks you are normally entitled to from your Base Attack Bonus. You may only benefit from one [Bonus attack] per [Round]. A [Bonus attack] is made at your full Base Attack Bonus unless otherwise noted.
Critical threat range is the range of d20 results on an attack roll that, if the attack hits, result in a critical hit. This refers only the natural, unmodified roll, before attack bonuses. Critical threat range is normally 20 (only a natural roll of 20) but items,

feats and abilities can increase this, in which case it is measured as a range (18-20, for example).
Focus points are the fuel behind certain abilities. Any ability that gives a focus point adds the point to the same pool. Focus points from this pool may be spent on any ability that requires them. Focus points are lost at the beginning and end of each [Encounter].
Obstacle refers to an object that takes up the edge of a square, a vertex of a square, or one or more squares themselves on the battlefield (creatures are not objects). The existence and placement of obstacles are determined by the GM, and are never created by abilities or effects unless otherwise stated.
Offensive action refers to any of the following actions:
»»Any action in which you make an attack roll. »»An Attack of Opportunity. (Even though they
do not require an action to take.) »» Casting a spell that can deal damage or force a
creature to make a saving throw. »»Activating an extraordinary, spell-like, or su-
pernatural ability that can deal damage or force a creature to make a saving throw.
Opponent refers to any creature in an [Encounter] that you choose not to regard as an ally or that does not allow you to regard it as an ally for the purpose of any particular action or ability. You can assign this term as you wish, though a creature can never be treated as both an opponent and an ally for purposes of a single instance of the same effect.

212

CHAPTER
XGM Tools

Encounters in Legend follow a fairly straightforward set of rules to help everyone at the gaming table have an interesting and enjoyable experience. If you're planning to be a Game Master for a Legend game, this chapter is your best friend. The rules here are a tool to help you build challenging encounters that won't overwhelm your players or leave them with nothing to do. If you are new to role-playing games or just want to get familiar with how to play a character in Legend, feel free to pass over this chapter and go back to it at some point in the future.
While on the general topic of rules and our advice to GMs, it's important to mention that not everything in the book is meant as a hard-and-fast rule. When evaluating the suitability of tracks and feats for your group, consider that sometimes the default descriptions of abilities are not the only way to describe abilities. We tend to think of the mechanical rules with clear effects to be a sort of "crunch": hard and difficult to change without altering the balance of the gameplay elements they govern. The descriptive elements of those rules are a sort of "fluff ": soft and more easily altered since what they affect is your own perception of the gameplay elements "in-character". For this reason we tend to encourage "refluffing" or changing what these descriptive elements look like to your group as you see fit. For example, the I Am

Chapter X: GM Tools

213

Ten Ninjas track, as written, is themed as a somewhat lighthearted and irreverent take on what a ninja-themed character would need to sneak around. On the other hand, in a game focusing on wizardry and intrigue, the mechanics of that track could easily model the art of shadow magic.
It is also possible that you might view this book as the law as far as you're concerned, with the mechanical rules being unchangeable and the standard fluff immutable. If your group prefers to play with such strict adherence we don't object to that either. However, regardless of what the book may say we encourage you to do whatever you think best for your group's enjoyment of the game.
What is an Encounter?
An encounter, in Legend, is any situation where player characters are challenged, threatened, or have the opportunity to gain something of value. Encounters should generally have some narrative significance. For instance, a party of 10th-level characters isn't really threatened by a couple of 2nd-level bandits and won't get anything useful out of them, so there's not much point in making an encounter out of it. On the other hand, dozens of individually weak bandits might form a Myriad (a sort of mob or swarm monster described in this chapter's Mook rules) that a more powerful foe might hurl at the player characters to wear them down as part of a larger encounter. Similarly, if simply encountering a creature will wipe out the player characters, you could instead make an encounter where the creature is basically a part of the environment (like 1st-level students fleeing as a giant radioactive iguana rampages through their

high school) and is probably as much you need to make of the situation.
As the GM you'll throw multiple encounters at your players to challenge them over the course of your game to resolve their characters' conflicts within the world, bring excitement to their adventures, add difficulty to what they wish to accomplish, or just to make things more interesting for the game. Typically, a Legend encounter models a specific conflict or challenge that can be resolved quickly. In a combat encounter, this means a single skirmish or battle between known antagonists that are powerful enough to challenge each other.
Since an encounter is an abstract measure of time it can vary somewhat in length, but certain abilities work only a certain number of times per encounter. These sorts of restrictions are meant to model special moves, limited resources, or otherwise exhaustible abilities that can be used in the space of a short conflict, but not constantly or with regularity. As such their use is restricted and will take recovery time before the next encounter, but not so much that they won't be ready if/when the next wave comes. Since many abilities in Legend have this restriction and require downtime once exhausted, it's important that the heroes get a chance to breathe once in a while before moving onto the
Abilities Outside of Combat: While some abilities are restricted in uses per encounter, this doesn't mean that they can't be used outside of a combat setting. Many of these abilities are designed with encounters in mind, but outside of stressful or challenging situations they are still available for characters to find creative uses of. Such abilities are typically useable every few minutes, as appropriate for your group and the pace of your game.

214

next challenge. Stringing what would normally be separate encounters into a constant stream of angry orcs, attack helicopters, or black lightning elementals is a very easy way to kill off player characters and should be cautioned against if you wish the adventure to continue for long.
On the other hand, many conditions and effects automatically wear off at the end of an encounter, so it can make sense to send a large number of weaker opponents (typically modeled in the mook rules) at the player characters, allowing conditions and terrain-altering abilities to accumulate and wear them down. Handling the flow of your encounters over a scene can be a touch and go process, which this chapter is meant to help you deal with.
When building an encounter, or the series of encounters in a game session or an entire adventure, Legend offers tools for you to accomplish three major goals: first, to keep the stories and creatures in your group's game world alive and interesting; second, to preserve the internal game balance that Legend is built on; and third, to provide interesting combat and non-combat encounters that will challenge your players without leaving them helpless.
Encounter Level
The main tool for calculating balance and challenge in an encounter is called the "encounter level" in Legend. Generally speaking, a group of four player characters of level X should be able to handle between three and five encounters of encounter level X before the end of the [Scene], after which they can continue with their abilities,

item uses, and hit points generally refreshed and ready for new challenges. Some groups, however, choose to simply avoid per-[Scene] resources and are instead more or less ready to go at the beginning of every encounter. While this increases endurance over many encounters, remember that resources refreshed at the end of a scene are often very powerful and that avoiding these resources may make individual encounters somewhat more difficult.
Calculating Encounter Level
As a rule, any creature has, by itself, an encounter level of its own level. A level 6 tactician is an EL 6 encounter. Two creatures of the same level have an encounter level 2 higher than the creatures' level, and four creatures of the same level have an encounter level 4 higher than the creatures' level ­ so a party of a tactician, shaman, paladin, and rogue, all of whom are level 9, would be an EL 13 encounter.
Pairing a creature with another that is 1 level lower counts as an encounter level either equal to the higher creature's level or 1 higher than that level. Three creatures of the same level have an encounter level 3 higher than the creatures' level. Each mook counts as a single creature, even in the case of Myriads. Remember that, since monsters and NPCs typically do not carry consumables, player characters often have an edge even against even-level encounters.
Summons, Allies, and Bodyguards
Creatures acquired via feats and track features do not count when calculating encounter level. The opportunity cost associated with acquiring and directing such creatures is roughly similar to the

Chapter X: GM Tools

215

benefit gained by having the extra creatures, especially since defeating the "master" is generally sufficient to dispel or drive away the "minions."
Legendary Creatures
On average, a creature with the [Legendary] subtype counts as a creature 2 levels higher for purposes of calculating EL. However, there is a great deal of variance among [Legendary] abilities, so it's very important to examine how a creature's [Legendary] abilities affect a specific encounter and adjust the EL accordingly.
As explained in Chapter XIV, the [Legendary] subtype should only be applied to all PCs in a game or no PCs in a game; however, it is possible to see a [Legendary] creature with minions as an NPC encounter.
Encounter Level and Game Balance
Legend's use of encounter level offers a great way to test game balance, especially when building and implementing new monsters and creatures in the game. Since all creatures have a level, we can use that level as an objective measure of power and capability. By comparing different creatures of the same level, we can test how a creature works in terms of overall game balance.
There are a few assumptions we make when discussing level and game balance. The first one is fairly intuitive: 1 is equal to 1, and 6 is equal to 6. So, if we say that a character or monster is "level 6," then that character or monster should be roughly as capable and dangerous as other level 6 characters and monsters. Statistically, we can say that on average, a level 6 creature should have roughly a 50-50 chance against a broad range of other level 6 creatures, and that we should see a similar

success rate for all other levels when we look at same-level creatures and their survival chances.
The second assumption we make about level and game balance is that while a lower-level creature will generally lose a fight with a higher-level creature, a sufficient number of lower-level creatures can defeat a creature that is a few levels (typically 5 or fewer) higher with good tactics and a greater number of actions in each [Round]. Past a certain level advantage, however, the higher-level creature will possess abilities that simply negate or render irrelevant the abilities of the lower-level creatures. This helps add a sense of progress to the game, as players begin to defeat monsters they might have fled from in the past, while previously challenging foes begin to flee from them.
Third, we assume that in a role-playing game, the player characters should statistically be favored in most encounters. After all, over the course of a campaign or even a short adventure, the odds are against the player characters. Basic statistical knowledge tells us that even a small risk of a "failure" increases to be quite serious if you repeat a process enough times. And while most monsters aren't expected to survive an encounter, they only have to get lucky once against a PC to greatly alter the direction of a game. Running a series of encounters where player characters are expected to lose means that after only a few gaming sessions there might not be a single one of the original characters left in the game. While a group may be comfortable with a "hack-and-slash" game where player characters die readily and often, you should design very dangerous encounters with caution if your group prefers more story-focused games. A total party kill stretched over a period of several game

216

sessions is nearly as destructive to a storyline as a total party kill in a single session.
So, generally speaking, we favor encounter design that sets the player characters up to succeed in most encounters, with occasional encounters that are particularly challenging.
Encounter Design
We've established some general principles for how Legend encounters are expected to work. It's possible to calculate the level of a given encounter for each side in a conflict. As mentioned before, we assume that in most games, the player characters should win most of the time. And when the player characters lose, we generally want survivors to have a chance to run away unless the players have been unusually stupid. We can combine all of this to layout guidelines for building encounters that work well with the typical balance of Legend. If your group prefers more dangerous encounters, feel free to adjust to encounter levels that are higher than what we recommend here.
Since encounter level is generated based on the level of the creatures involved, we can infer that two groups of creatures, each "adding up" to the same EL, will on average have roughly a 50-50 chance against each other. (We'll discuss exceptions later on). A difference of 1 between each side's EL is a fight that statistically favors one side quite a bit, while a difference of 2 means that the likelihood of the weaker side winning is very slim.
Challenging Encounters
If you want a climactic pitched battle where there's a good chance that the player characters

will suffer casualties, pitting them against an encounter level the same as their own will likely produce the results you want. One example of a difficult encounter that will stretch the player characters' abilities is a "mirror match," where the opposition is a group of creatures each of whom is the same class and level as one of the player characters.
An EL one level higher than the party's is pushing it, and should only be used occasionally for extremely difficult encounters.
In general, extremely difficult encounters become "safer" if you use several lower-level creatures instead of using one particularly high-level character. A single creature 5 levels higher than the PCs represents an EL one level higher than a party of 4 PCs, but will likely either be overwhelmed by the PCs' numbers and action advantage or possess specific abilities that give it (comparatively, against creatures of the PCs' level) unbreakable defenses or unstoppable attacks. Adding a character 1 level higher than the PCs to a group of same-level monsters, however, makes the PCs outnumbered and outgunned without giving either side an insurmountable action advantage or massively superior abilities. Making the higher-level NPC or monster a "big bad" with the [Legendary] subtype can make the encounter particularly memorable if you're capping off a long campaign (or a short hack-and-slash).
Generally speaking, you should not expect players to be able to handle more than one or two of these encounters without a full eight-hour rest and time to rebuild their resources (and never more than one encounter with an EL higher than their own). You can probably still fit a couple of lower-level encounters into an adventuring day.

Chapter X: GM Tools

217

At the lower end of the level range, between levels 1 and 3, especially with smaller PC groups, you may find that most encounters are quite challenging and therefore dangerous. Many GMs like this effect because it allows for particularly gritty games where direct confrontation with an enemy is often an unattractive option.
Normal Encounters
If you want encounters that challenge the PCs by slowly draining their consumables and per-scene resources, while allowing the PCs to "win" and continue moving forward in the campaign, you should use encounters with ELs one or two levels below the PCs' encounter level. Using three or four monsters a level lower than the PCs, or 5 or 6 monsters a couple of levels below the PCs, is a classic example of a monstrous "hit squad" that the players can defeat while still having to spend meaningful resources on winning encounters.
Generally speaking, you can reasonably expect the player characters to handle somewhere between 3 and 5 encounters of this type before requiring a full 8-hour rest.

the full impact of an ambush situation where one party is much better prepared than the other.
If one party has had time to prepare the battlefield, has very detailed plans and intelligence for dealing with the other party, or just happens to have special resources that they can prepare for the occasion it may shift the EL of an encounter 1 or 2 levels in their favor. If that party also has special abilities that would specifically gain a great deal from some time to prepare, as a Mechanist Savant who is able to set up spreads for their Assemblage beforehand or a Combat Alchemist that has had time to prime and distribute their brews would, this can shift the balance as much as 3 to 5 EL in their favor. This can get out of hand with certain players or enemies being far too prepared for the task at hand to even be considered challenging to them, in which case the EL has shifted even further than 5 in their favor and the encounter's design probably needs an adjustment. Sometimes it makes sense for one party's preparation to outclass the other's, but do be aware of how this will affect the challenge of your encounters should such advantages be available.

Ambushes
Encounters can be fairly straightforward, but not always so. Sometimes the party is likely to be caught by surprise when their enemies are ready and prepared for them rather than just a general danger, and sometimes the PCs have a plan to be enacted in response to a threat before their opponents are even aware of their presence. This advantage usually takes the form of a special surprise [Round] of combat as described in Chapter IX. This doesn't always accurately describe the advantage of planning and readiness, however, or

Level and Power
One of the inescapable aspects of a level-based game like Legend is the fact that after some number of levels, the creatures that used to be a threat (or would be a threat to lower-level characters) are no longer a viable threat in any quantity. There is no reasonable number of Chihuahuas that is large enough to meaningfully threaten a healthy adult human. In our world, this doesn't really come into play in human-versus-human confrontations,

218

because the "level gap" never grows that big ­ a teenager with a Saturday night special may not have much chance against a trained soldier, but there's still some theoretical chance of the teenager winning. But if gaining a single level is to give any noticeable benefit at all, gaining 10 levels is going to add up to an unstoppable advantage. Practically speaking, we have designed Legend in a way that a difference of 5 levels between two creatures brings capabilities and numerical advantages into play that give the higher-level creature a functionally insurmountable advantage. There are still fluke cases, brought on by exceptional luck or particularly unequal circumstances, but the smart response is flight, not fight.
The most important aspect of this design decision for GMs is that the game literally changes every few levels. Between 5th and 9th levels, some form of increased mobility (including short-distance teleportation, flight, wall-climbing, and bursts of extreme speed) becomes available to practically all classes. Practical weapon ranges increase, as a swordsman becomes adept at darting back and forth in the face of enemies equipped with ranged weapons. And crippling or disabling spells and special attacks begin to enter the scene, adding a new kind of threat to many battles. In some games, this progression is a great thing. If your players expect to start out as humble farmers and then be hurled on a heroic arc that ultimately makes them dragon-slaying saviors of the entire realm, then you want big changes in your game as time goes on. Creatures that could terrify the PCs into submission or outright flight should eventually become viable targets for the PCs' vengeance.
In other games, you may want things to stay more or less static in terms of the PCs' capabilities.

If the atmosphere of your game is one of mystery or horror, it simply isn't helpful for the PCs to have dramatically new capabilities after only a few game sessions. Assuming that the players want to play such a game (something any group should agree about), consider drastically reducing the rate at which the PCs gain levels or simply not giving level-ups at all. The PCs should still gain resources, but in this kind of game the PCs should probably not access the geometric power increase that leveling up grants.
Cohorts
Cohorts are creatures that, for one reason or another, are with the player characters during an encounter. They count as part of the party when calculating overall encounter level. We must emphasize this, since cohorts can dramatically alter the circumstances of a battle and therefore affect the calculation of an encounter's difficulty. Remember that since most skill checks (aside from individual uses in combat as part of a character's actions) can be made by a single character and applied to the entire party, and a party of 3 characters can easily cover all of the bases in terms of skill selection, the addition of extra characters with lower skill modifiers to an already-large party generally has a relatively minuscule effect on encounter balance in non-combat encounters.
The GM, of course, retains discretion whether or not to increase the encounter difficulty if the player characters find a temporary cohort. However, we strongly suggest that temporary cohorts at least access a proportion of the encounter rewards. Simply having a cohort or cohorts should

Chapter X: GM Tools

219

not be a guarantee of steamrolling encounters for cheap loot.
Since cohorts are effectively additional lower-level characters controlled by the players, they can substantially increase the time it takes to resolve combat encounters. GMs who are strongly concerned with speed of play or who are GMing for large groups (particularly groups with 6 or more players) should therefore probably avoid the use of permanent cohorts and may wish to restrict access to temporary cohorts. Additionally, cohorts are usually too much work for beginning players, as beginning players have often not yet learned to play a single character.
On the other hand, cohorts offer a great deal of utility to small groups (such as solo campaigns or groups with only 2 or 3 regular players), and to experienced players who understand and can deal with the mechanical implications of cohorts.
Cohort Rules
Some basic rules apply to all cohorts. The first, and most important, is that cohorts are always at least one level lower than the player characters. We instituted this rule for a number of very good reasons ­ most importantly, it keeps the story centered around the player characters, instead of leaving the player characters overshadowed by an NPC used to advance the plot and create non-interactive "cutscene" play. Additionally, the purpose of creating cohort rules is to duplicate the concept of "leadership," "mentorship," or supply the PCs with dragon mounts and similar awesome things. There's simply no point in having the PCs be in charge of characters that are more powerful than they are, and NPCs that are employing the PCs or otherwise in charge of them should

generally be kept off-screen except to provide instructions and quest rewards.
The second rule of cohorts is that a player character may only have a single cohort at any given time.
Finally, cohorts should never be more than 3 levels lower than the players, and 2 levels is generally an unusually wide gap for a permanent cohort. Creatures who are substantially lower-level than the player characters are extremely vulnerable to area effects, and the roleplaying value of a permanent cohort cannot be maintained if the cohort is functionally just cannon fodder.
Temporary Cohorts
Temporary cohorts are allied to the player characters via short-term bargains, common enemies, or occasionally pure happenstance. Generally speaking, a temporary cohort will not remain with the PCs for longer than a single scene; certainly, a creature remaining with the PCs for an entire quest is in the process of becoming a permanent cohort.
Temporary cohorts do not trade magical items with the player characters, and the presence of a temporary cohort does not qualify a player for any feat or item with a prerequisite of "cohort."
Temporary cohorts do not automatically gain levels when the players do (although at the GM's discretion, they may level up before, with, or after the players). If the GM and players decide that a temporary cohort has become permanent, and the cohort was 3 levels lower than the players, it immediately gains at least one level (and, of course, no more than two), so that it is within the level range for a permanent cohort.
Temporary cohorts can be asked to participate in social encounters on the player characters'

220

behalf, but are under no compulsion to do so (indeed, additional negotiations in the form of an extra social encounter might be necessary to gain such a service).
Permanent Cohorts
Permanent cohorts are friends or apprentices of the player characters. It is the job of the GM and the players, collectively, to figure out what these motivations are and to make them work. Permanent cohorts will generally remain with the player characters for at least an entire quest, and usually across multiple campaign arcs.
A player character may trade a magical item or items with his or her cohort, on a one for one basis, assuming the cohort has a magical item of the same classification and is willing to exchange the items (in some cases, creatures grow attached to their items and aren't interested in a trade). The two characters simply attune to each other's item for as long as they wish to continue the swap. A player character who gains a permanent cohort qualifies as having a cohort for any feat or item that requires having a cohort.
Permanent cohorts automatically level with the players. They loyally serve the players unless they are obviously betrayed in some way. It is possible for extreme requests to meet with refusal or even alienate cohorts to the point of leaving the players.
Game Balance in Your Group
There are a number of issues that can affect overall game balance, and specifically the relative "worth" of encounters, which are not directly based on

the level of the creatures involved. Since many of these variables are part of having a flexible system that allows for extensive freedom for players and GMs, we prefer to simply accept them and warn you in advance.
Please note that the variables below do not have a "right" value. Many people honestly differ in their preferences in these issues, and we are not taking a side. Instead, we are offering ways to calibrate your encounters and campaign design to a set of preferences or tendencies that may exist in your gaming group.
Party Composition
Traditionally, class-based RPGs have a set of roles that different classes fill particularly well. Some characters have large amounts of health and can absorb damage while wrecking enemies at [Melee] range. Some characters can scout and do damage when attacking from stealth, and others have the ability to control battlefield conditions, destroy groups of weak enemies, or support, buff, and heal their allies. In many systems, each of these abilities is tied to a specific class ­ Fighters tank, Rogues scout, Wizards nuke and control, and Clerics heal. There isn't a great deal of flexibility on these roles, and indeed some game systems explicitly assign a particular role to each class.
In Legend, between multiclassing, skill use, and class design, it's possible to fill several different roles with any one class, depending on how an individual character is designed. The "standard" Barbarian class, as written, can withstand a great deal of direct attack and specializes offensively in destroying large numbers of lesser mortals; socially, Barbarians work best with the Intimidate skill because of track features that

Chapter X: GM Tools

221

support intimidating opponents. However, a multiclassed Barbarian could change from attacking large numbers of weak opponents to devastating a single powerful opponent ­ or even become a capable forester and scout. We believe that multiclassing gives players a great deal of freedom to play the character that they want to play without breaking the game.
Still, even if players have a great deal of flexibility in picking abilities for their characters, and even if it is theoretically possible to have a party of two Barbarians, a Paladin, and a Ranger and still have all of the party's bases covered in terms of combat, skill use, and general utility, there's no guarantee that the players in your own group will coordinate well enough to have a party whose bases are covered. Without that coordination, some encounters may be much more difficult than expected. For example, a party at or above level 6 which doesn't have anyone who can fly or make powerful ranged attacks is in serious danger from creatures like dragons.
If you find that your group is in this situation, there are a few responses that are likely to solve your problem. First, if you have any contact with your players during character creation, you might consider advising them to coordinate better in their character creation process. If the players are set on their character concepts, they might at least fill in some "holes in the lineup" by picking cohorts or allies . This is probably the best solution, because gameplay goes along as normal with minimal disruption to anyone's plans.
Alternatively, you could offer your players the use of a free ally ­ a GM-controlled character who would assist them and generally follow their direction. Since this character would be an

autonomous creature of the same level as the rest of the party, you would increase the party's EL to account for an extra member. Unfortunately, using a GMPC that's an integral part of the party can be very difficult.
Finally, if you choose to let the players live with the consequences of their party makeup, you should compensate for the mechanical imbalance by increasing the EL of encounters with which the party is not equipped to deal. We recommend that if you use an encounter where an enemy has abilities that the player's can't counter, you treat that encounter as having an EL one higher than it normally would.
Character Optimization
Depending on your background in role-playing games, this phrase may immediately raise your hackles, bring back fond memories, or leave you wondering what the phrase means. But at its simplest, "character optimization" simply refers to a continuum of how much effort a player puts into ensuring that a character is mechanically powerful. Legend is designed to ensure that classes are, on average, roughly equal in terms of power. However, poor feat and ability selection, or particularly synergistic feat and ability selection, can effectively "move" a character's capability roughly one level in either direction.
If all of the players in a given group optimize to a generally similar extent, the solution is relatively simple. Adjusting encounter levels to match the characters' actual capabilities is easy enough, and you can get a good idea of the characters' actual abilities over the first few game sessions by using a series of encounters that are the characters' level and one level in either direction.

222

If some players in a given group optimize differently, consider working with the "outlying" players to bring their characters' power level into line with the rest of the group. Often, differences of this sort arise because some players in the group have different amounts of familiarity and mastery of the game system; if that's the case, encourage players who understand the nuances of strategy and economy to help players with less understanding.
Campaign Theme
When it comes to portraying a variety of settings, Legend is a tough contender to beat. From campaigns focusing on criminal organizations within a magical modern day Tokyo, to typical high-fantasy kingdoms of wonder, a campaign can have a variety of themes. Within whatever theme you choose for your campaign, it's important to retain diversity to keep the game fresh. While one could simply throw thousands of axe-wielding orcs at your players, after the first thirty identical chop-mongering mobs, your players would probably feel a little tired of executing the same tactics to deal with similar enemies.
Thus, spicing up your campaign by presenting the party with different challenges is key to keeping your campaign memorable and holding your players' interest. Staying within a campaign's theme is surprisingly easy however when you take into consideration Legend's track system, and the extreme versatility it provides when creating new encounters. Combined with the assistance of a variety of mooks, you should be able to keep your battles diverse and entertaining. For example

- orcish tribe can have more than grunt-ish warriors. Sages wielding eldritch powers, shamans commanding the elements of nature, and even monstrous tamed beasts may all be incorporated into the PC's struggles against the orcish hordes. Not to mention any number of possible enemies that may be related to the orcish threat. Utter Brutes and Undead and Demons, oh my!
Now while the examples listed are of course fine for that theme, you could take very similar mechanics and describe an army of skeletons led by evil necromancers and elemental mages and supported by demonic juggernauts to smash through fortifications, opening the way for the undead horde. It can be as simple as a changing the way one describes the effects and abilities used for each monster. With just a bit of imagination and ingenuity one can do plenty with any theme, given that they can express what they need to convey it.
On the Making of Monsters
So you want to play Frankenstein, get your lightning on, maybe unleash a monstrosity on your players? We can help with this. In fact, we'd love to. Most monsters in Legend are made exactly the same way you would make a player character, unless they are Mooks (which are discussed later in this chapter). Simply follow the rules for making characters higher than level one, if needed, and the additional rules in this section:
»» GMs are allowed unlimited track substitutions. »» GMs are allowed to assign whatever creature
type they see fit to monsters.

Chapter X: GM Tools

223

»» GMs may pick the key offensive and defensive attributes of monsters as they see fit.
»» Monsters should not have consumables unless they are recurring villains or loot on legs.
»» Most monsters are Full Buy-In. As an example, let's make a dire wolf. First, we're going to use the Utter Brute track as our racial track. This gives us a great layout, and fits with the idea we're trying to convey mechanically. We don't even need to change the key modifiers. Next, we decide that we'd like to make this critter a 4th level character. We'll have a progression from one to twenty, so that if we need to adjust its power we can just bump it up or down a level later. Next, let's pick our other tracks. Dire wolves are pretty mundane in nature, so we'd like to avoid magical offensive abilities. This limits our access to some of the more interesting melee options. Let's use two barbarian tracks, Path of Destruction and Path of Ancestors. We're going to go with Full Buy-In as well. For the final track, let's use Battle's Tempering.
Next, we have to figure out what our progression looks like. We definitely want the second ability from Utter Brute, so Utter Brute is our fast progression track. We also want the second ability from Battle's Tempering, to make our wolf more difficult to take down easily. So it turns out that we want to have Path of Ancestors as our Full Buy-In track, and Path of Destruction in our slow progression.
For added effectiveness, consider pairing your monsters up with allies that can take advantage of their strengths, and shore up their weaknesses.

Sample Dire Wolf
EL 4 Utter Brute Barbarian

Utter Brute/Path of the Ancestors/Path of Destruction/ Battle's Tempering

+3
INIT

40 ft
SPEED

[ Av e r a g e ] [Animal ]

Combat Maneuver DC 15

80

18 Fo rt +8 R ef +5 Wil l +4

HP

AC

Awareness 16

[Darkvision] [Damage reduction] 2

+10
AT K

ATTACK ACTION

12
DAMAGE

Bite
[Melee] (15 ft)

224

Abilities: Str 16 Dex 12 Con 18 Int 10 Wis 14 Cha 10 Skills: Athletics +7, Intimidate +7, Larceny +5, Vigor +8 Social Defences: Bluff 16, Diplomacy 14, Intimidate 14, Perception 14 Feats: Weaponized, Sinister Sinews, Meteor Crush KOM: Constitution (+4) KDM: Strength (+3) BAB: +4

Unforgiving IEX: The first time the Dire Wolf hits with an attack each [Round], it deals 4 points of [HP reduction].
Unforgiving IIEX: As the Dire Wolf dies, it can take a single standard action (though it is still [Dead] afterwards).

Activated Abilities
Meteor CrushEX: As a standard action, the dire wolf may make a single melee attack against an opponent within 15 ft, even if that opponent is [Flying] and the wolf is not. This attack deals 2 extra damage.
If this attack hits a [Flying] opponent, that opponent takes 2 additional damage, stops [Flying], loses the Fly movement mode until the start of the wolf 's next turn, and is knocked [Prone].

Passive Abilities
LineageEX: Any effect that would heal the dire wolf but does not originate from it heals it 4 extra points of damage.
Leading the ChargeEX: When using the Charge combat maneuver, the dire wolf ignores the normal -2 penalty to Armor Class.

CleaveEX: As a swift action, if the dire wolf hits an opponent with a melee attack, it can make a cleave attack by applying that attack roll to another opponent within 15 ft. If the result hits that opponent, the wolf does normal melee damage to the second opponent as well.

EvasionEX: Once per [Encounter], if the Dire Wolf succeeds on a Reflex save against an effect that would have a reduced effect on a successful save, it suffers no effect.

Hard to BreakEX: Once per [Encounter], if the Dire Wolf succeeds on a Fortitude or Will save against an effect that would have a reduced effect on a successful save, it suffers no effect.

Chapter X: GM Tools

225

Mooks
For a given EL, there exists a sweet spot for flunkies, minions and peons. These rules are used explicitly for the extremely rapid creation of monsters for simple encounters, throw-away additions to other encounters, and things like city guards attacking that you may simply not have planned for. When using mooks, keep several details in mind:
»» Mooks do not have a KOM or KDM. Instead, they use the number in the UAM (Universal Ability Modifier) column, below.
»» Every mook has an Archetype that defines their role, speed, inherent attack range and damage, and whether their maximum hit points are based on the High or Low HP column. The attack described in each mook

Archetype is considered an Unarmed Strike for the purposes of all abilities and effects. If a mook gains a weapon through an ability or effect, that weapon's base damage is replaced with the damage for this attack. »»A mook's attack bonus, AC, saves, and the DC of any abilities they possess is based on the table below. They also gain a bonus indicated on the table below to three skills, which are considered trained skills, except it does not grant them skill ranks in these skills. These are in addition to any other bonuses. »»A mook can make a number of attacks during an attack action as indicated on the table below. »» Mooks have ability scores, but never add their ability modifiers to skills, saves or DCs, nor

Table 10-1 Mook
Statistics by Level

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Low HP High HP

20

24

31

39

41

53

53

69

64

84

77

101

89

117

103

135

116

152

131

171

145

189

161

209

176

228

193

249

209

269

227

291

244

312

263

335

281

357

300

380

Saves 2 3 4 4 5 5 6 7 7 8 8 9 10 10 11 11 12 13 13 14

Attack Bonus AC # of Attacks

+4

13

1

+5

14

1

+7

16

1

+8

17

1

+9

18

1

+11

20

1

+12

21

1

+13

21

2

+15

23

2

+17

25

2

+18

26

2

+20

28

2

+22

30

2

+24

32

2

+26

33

3

+28

35

3

+30

37

3

+32

39

3

+34

41

3

+35

42

3

Ability DCs 13 14 15 17 17 18 18 19 20 20 21 21 23 23 24 25 26 27 28 29

Skill Modifier UAM

+2

+2

+3

+2

+4

+3

+5

+3

+7

+3

+8

+4

+9

+4

+11

+4

+12

+5

+13

+5

+14

+5

+16

+6

+17

+6

+18

+6

+19

+7

+21

+7

+22

+7

+23

+8

+24

+8

+25

+8

226

do they gain the special benefits of Strength and Constitution. They use the following array, assigned however you choose: 16, 16, 10, 8, 8, 8. »» Mooks do not gain feats or items, and only some mook Archetypes have tracks. »» Mooks have whatever creature type you see fit to grant them, and are considered to have a BAB equal to their level, except it does not grant them any bonuses to attack rolls, AC, or additional attacks on an attack action. »»Armed Mooks: If you wish to reflect armaments in a mook's possession, you can make it an Armed Mook, granting it the benefits of one or two weapon properties. Additionally, an Armed Mook can be disarmed. If an Armed Mook is disarmed, it loses its weapon properties, its attack range becomes [Melee], and the damage per level from its archetype is halved while disarmed.
Standard Mook Archetypes
Scouts Scouts are light ranged attackers designed for harassment. They use the Low HP column and have a ranged attack ([Close] range) that deals 1d6 damage, plus 2 damage per level.
Scouts have a move speed of 40 ft + 5 ft per 4 levels, and at 8th level they gain either the Fly or Swim movement mode.
Grunts Grunts are heavy melee attackers that can suffer significant amounts of punishment.They use the High HP column, and have a melee attack that deals 1d6 damage, plus 2 damage per level.

Grunts have a move speed of 30 ft + 5 ft per 4 levels, and gain a +1 deflection bonus to AC, which increases to +2 at 11th level.
Strikers Strikers are light melee attackers who can dish out a lot of punishment but can't take much. They use the Low HP column and have a melee attack that deals 1d6 damage, plus 3 damage per level.
Strikers have a move speed of 40 ft + 5 ft per 3 levels, and at 8th level they gain either the Fly or Swim movement mode.
Turrets Turrets are heavy ranged attackers that have difficulty getting out of dodge. They use the Low HP column and have a ranged attack ([Close] range) that deals 1d6 damage, plus 3 damage per level.
Turrets have a move speed of 20 ft + 5 ft per 5 levels, and gain a +1 bonus to attack rolls, which increases to +2 at 11th level.
Minions Minions are mooks of the more dangerous kind, and combine the benefits of any two of the following mook Archetypes: Scouts, Grunts, Strikers or Turrets. They gain the higher hit point total and movement speed of the two Archetypes, and can use the attack granted by either.
Experts Experts are mooks with more varied and sophisticated abilities, who can be used to create more substantial challenges.
Experts use the High HP column, have either a melee attack with a range of [Melee] or a ranged attack with a range of [Close] that deals

Chapter X: GM Tools

227

1d6 damage, plus 1 damage per level, and have a move speed of 30 ft + 5 ft per 3 levels. At 8th level, Experts gain either the Fly or Swim movement mode. Experts have a single track, which they gain at Fast Progression. In addition, higher-level experts have the following more advanced ability score array:
Level 8-14 20, 18, 10, 8, 8, 8 Level 15-20 24, 20, 10, 8, 8, 8
Untyped Bonuses that are granted to AC are halved when used for this mook.
Elites Elites are identical to Experts, except they gain a second track at Medium Progression.
Untyped Bonuses that are granted to AC are halved when used for this mook.
Aces Aces are identical to Elites, except they gain a third track at Slow Progression. Aces have the potential to rival full characters in power. (Note that there is no distinction between an Elite and an Ace at 1st level).
Untyped Bonuses that are granted to AC are halved when used for this mook.
Minibosses Minibosses are identical to Aces, except they gain a fourth track at Medium Progression. Minibosses should be used with care, as in some cases they may overpower full characters.
Untyped Bonuses that are granted to AC are halved when used for this mook.

Operatives
An Operative is more of a force to be reckoned with: an Expert, Elite, Ace or Miniboss with access to some of the resources of a true character. In general, you can expect the Operative Template to add a fair bit of power and versatility to whatever Archetype it is added to. An Operative gains the following bonuses:
»» Operatives increase their UAM by 1 (so a 1st-level Operative has a UAM of +3, and a 20th-level Operative has a UAM of +9).
»» Operatives gain an additional bonus to saves and to the three skills in which they are considered trained equal to 1/6 of their level.
»» Operatives gain the benefit of two feats they qualify for, gained at their EL (meaning a 6th level Operative could have two feats with a 6th level prerequisite). These should rarely, if ever, include [Iconic] feats.
»» Operatives gain the benefit of a number of magic items. They gain only half the benefit of any magic weapon's item bonus to attack, any suit of magic armor's item bonus to AC, or any magic shield's deflection bonus to AC, but gain all other abilities of magic items they possess, as normal. If you wish, these "items" may be representations of an Operative's inherent ability, rather than actual magical possessions that players can take from their corpses. The number and tier of these items is determined by an operative's level:
Level 1-4 1 Lesser item Level 5-9 1 Lesser item, 1 Greater item Level 10-16 1 Greater item, 1 Relic Level 16-20 1 Artifact, 1 Relic

228

Myriads
Sometimes you just need a bunch of bodies that fall over quickly. Sometimes you need a good model for a swarm of rats. Sometimes you need solid mechanics for a bevy of failed ninjas. And sometimes you need a way to talk about a crowd as a single entity. The myriad mook template offers an intelligent way to get all of those options within Legend's EL system.
A myriad is treated as a single challenge for the purposes of EL. A myriad uses the statistics of either a Scout or Grunt of its EL, chosen when it's created, but with 4 additional hit points per level and a few other unique characteristics: a different physical manifestation and a deeply different way of attacking.
Myriad Bodies A myriad is comprised of multiple parts called "bodies," each of which counts as a separate creature. Each of these bodies occupies one square and represents either an individual or a part of the myriad as a whole. For instance, a single body might be a rat in a swarm, a single ninja who failed out of ninja school in a mob, or the head of a hydra.
A myriad has a number of bodies equal to 7 + ¼ its EL, to a maximum of 12 at EL 20. During an encounter, at the start of each of its turns, the myriad gains 1 body, to a maximum of 7 + ¼ its EL. When a myriad gains a body, it may choose for the body to appear in any unoccupied square within [Close] range of all of its bodies and to which it has line of sight from at least one of its bodies. Alternatively, it may choose to regain a damaged body instead. If the myriad chooses to regain a damaged body whose space is occupied,

the body is shunted to the nearest open space. A hydra might sprout a new head; however, it probably wouldn't make sense for a mob to suddenly `grow' new members. But a defeated opponent might shake off its wounds and rejoin the fight.
A myriad's bodies use all statistics of the myriad except for its hit points, and individual bodies do not have individual actions or make individual saves. Bonuses and penalties that affect one of the myriad's bodies affect the myriad as a whole, as do continuous conditions. In addition, a myriad's bodies have no hit points. If one or more of a myriad's bodies would be damaged by a single attack or ability, that damage is dealt to the myriad a single time, and the affected bodies are removed from the fight (leaving its square vacant).
Depending on narrative demands, the loss of a body could mean anything from being blown apart to being knocked unconscious. But a myriad isn't defeated simply if it runs out of bodies. Only reducing a myriad to 0 hit points removes it from combat. When a myriad is removed from combat (by reducing its hit points to 0), all its members might be dead; or the DM might decide that a few of the individuals comprising the myriad have escaped, or that the whole myriad has simply scattered. Myriads should never be Armed Mooks.
Movement with Myriads When a myriad uses a move action to move, each of its bodies may move up to the normal movement speed the myriad uses. If a myriad uses a 5 ft step, it may only choose one of its bodies to make the 5 ft step.
As a rule of thumb, each body of the myriad should stay within [Close] range of all other bodies of the same myriad at all times. This does not

Chapter X: GM Tools

229

prevent a body from being pushed or otherwise moved against its will.
Attacking with Myriads A myriad can't normally make attacks, including attack actions, combat maneuvers that involve making an attack, and attacks of opportunity. Rather, as a standard action, an entire myriad can Flail against up to one opponent per undamaged body it possesses. (No opponent can be selected more than once.) If the myriad is based on the Grunt Archetype, each target must be within [Melee] range and line of sight of at least one of its bodies; if the myriad is based off of the Scout Archetype, it must be within [Close] range and line of sight of at least one of its bodies.
Flail deals 1d6 damage, plus 1 damage per level, and does not require any attack roll or prompt a save. This increases to 2d6 damage, plus 2 damage per level at 8th level. Flail makes myriads dangerous at low levels, a credible threat in multiples or with support at mid-levels, and useful for pressure damage at high levels.
If a myriad using the statistics of a Grunt benefits from an effect or ability that would trigger when it hits with a melee attack, or a myriad using the statistics of a Scout benefits from an effect or ability that would trigger if it hits with a ranged attack, the myriad may make one attack roll against a single creature against which it Flails each time it Flails. If this attack roll equals or exceeds the creature's AC, the effect or ability triggers. This attack roll has no other effect.
230

CHAPTER
XI Non-Combat Encounters

While everyone loves a good climactic battle, you have to get there first. This entails navigating dangerous environments, dealing with deadly traps, and shaking NPCs down for information on the enemy. The rules in this chapter ­ social combat, skill games, environments hazards, and trap guidelines ­ are intended to model how characters can use their skills and abilities to overcome challenges that don't involve any fighting. Of course, nothing is stopping you from adding some traps or exotic terrain to a combat encounter, just to shake things up a bit.

Social Encounters

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

Social encounters ­ confrontations resolved by talk instead of by force ­ are key factors in any roleplaying game that gives players nonviolent options for conflict resolution. Unfortunately, many roleplaying games either provide too few social "tools" to players or make the tools available far too powerful, adding an extra method of "breaking" encounters into the game.
Simply put, we believe that players who want to should have the opportunity to "talk down" a man with a crossbow and apparent hostile intent. We do not believe that once battle is joined, a few shouted words should suddenly convert the
231

crossbow-armed bandit into a helpful citizen who wants nothing more than to hand the players a map to guide them through the forest.
During the early design stages of Legend, we developed a tool that we think solves a great many of the problems found in other social encounter systems.
Tokens
In Legend, a "token" is a unit of what you might call "political capital" ­ the ability to persuade someone to concede a point of contention. Tokens can be tracked during a social encounter in almost any way, but we prefer using poker chips. By bidding and counter-bidding with tokens, Legend allows players to bargain with each other and with NPCs in a fun but simple way.
Acquiring Tokens While speaking in-character, you can make a skill check with an Interaction skill (Bluff, Diplomacy, Intimidate or Perception) that is appropriate to the tone of what you are saying. A successful check (DCs are found in the relevant skill descriptions in Chapter VII) gives you a token that you can use when attempting to persuade the creature or creatures to whom you are talking.
There's a catch, however. Any time that you make a skill check of this sort, the "target" of your skill check is entitled to a check of their own. If their check succeeds, they gain a token that they can use against you, regardless of how your check succeeds.
Generally speaking, interaction between characters becomes a social encounter as soon as an interaction skill check is made.

Using Tokens During a social encounter, if you have at least one token available for use against the creature with whom you are interacting, you can make a "demand" on that creature. (Of course, you do not have to phrase a "demand" aggressively; a polite request is resolved in the same way as an outright ultimatum, although the target's bidding choices might not be the same.)
When you make a demand, you bid one or more tokens (up to the maximum you have available). Your opponent must now choose between one of four options (though nobody can bid more tokens than they actually have).
First, your opponent can concede outright, giving you what you demanded. The tokens in your bid are removed, and play continues.
Second, your opponent can meet your bid (assuming your opponent has enough tokens to do so). You must now either increase your bid, forcing your opponent to choose between these options again, or give up your demand. If you give up your demand, the tokens in both sides' bids are removed, and play continues.
Third, your opponent can exceed your bid and make a counteroffer. You must now either increase your bid, making your own counteroffer, or accept the counteroffer. If you accept the counteroffer, the tokens in both sides' bids are removed, your agreement is completed, and play continues. If you make your own counteroffer, you must exceed your opponent's bid, and your opponent has to choose between these options.
Fourth, at any point during bidding, a side that is responding to a new bid has the option of walking away and ending the encounter altogether. Ending the encounter has consequences, as described below.

232

Ending a Social Encounter
Ending a social encounter can be either a serious blow to one's credibility, or a straightforward parting between colleagues. Each circumstance, and the resulting consequences, are discussed below.
Walking Away From Bidding Walking away from bidding is generally a response to a completely unacceptable demand, and often one that the responder doesn't have the resources to counter normally. As such, walking away severely impacts your credibility, and you lose all tokens that you had gained in that social encounter. Additionally, walking away sends the message that nothing further can be accomplished through social encounters, and the other party may resort to subterfuge or force in the future.
Ending Social Encounters Amicably If all bids have been resolved, or no bids have been made, you can end a social encounter by walking away (although exchanging pleasantries is traditional, from an in-character perspective). Ending a social encounter in this way imposes no penalty, and you retain all tokens that you have not spent during bids.
Role-playing and Social Encounters: We recognize that not all groups enjoy extensive in-character conversations in their tabletop games. If your group doesn't, feel free to simply make the skill checks and bid tokens without making speeches appropriate to the skill checks. Nobody's watching over your shoulders. If your group enjoys in-character debate and politics, however, the GM may grant a +1 or higher bonus to a PC's skill check if the player makes a particularly persuasive argument in character.

Advice for GMs
Running social encounters has both blessings and curses. Here are a few basic principles that can make a GM's life much easier.
Secrecy A key to any bidding system is the idea that opponents don't know one key aspect of each other's resources. In poker, the unknown resource is the other player's hand of cards. In an auction, as in Legend, the unknown is how much the bidders have available to bid (since in most cases, bidding signals the bidders' priorities fairly well, so the question of how much the bidders are willing to bid becomes apparent with time).
The problem, of course, is that while a GM can (and likely should) keep the result of NPC skill checks secret, and certainly can keep tokens from other sources secret, the GM can maintain perfect metagame knowledge of what tokens the players have. So the GM has the ability to create bargaining strategies that are much too strong for NPCs, given the knowledge that the NPCs would have in-character.
The best way to solve this problem, of course, is for you to behave as a GM in the same way you would want your players to behave if they had, for example, a strong metagame familiarity with a specific monster's stats. To the best of your ability, "play" NPCs as you think the NPCs would act with the knowledge they have available. In the case of tokens that have some sort of material measure (see Chapter XI), have NPCs that can research do the research to discover the PCs' capabilities ­ but don't just randomly give NPCs knowledge, particularly knowledge that doesn't exist in-game.

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

233

Example Social Encounters

Skill Games

Buying Dinner In a large city with established currency, this isn't an encounter. We put this here to underscore that social encounters are a tool for resolving confrontation or potential conflict, and not for modeling mundane transactions.
On the other hand, if you are dealing with a barter economy, chances are that people will use social encounters almost every day. This becomes especially relevant when your players are trying to bargain for a scarce resource or rare privilege.
Hostage Negotiation Akasha the Masked Barbarian Raider isn't much good at stealth or careful thievery, but she's fairly good at taking hostages. When her plan to rob a caravan just outside the city goes haywire, the caravan is quickly surrounded by armed militia soldiers. Now Victor the Paladin Medic (and, apparently, now main hostage negotiator) needs to talk her into surrendering peacefully.
The relevant bonuses for each character (with the relevant DCs for each skill in parentheses) are a +7 Intimidate (DC 13) and +4 Perception (DC 14) bonus for Akasha, and a +6 Bluff (DC 12), +6 Diplomacy (DC 10), and +5 Perception (DC 11) bonus for Victor. Victor clearly has a mathematical advantage, as expected for a character who trains several interaction skills and assigns a relatively high priority to mental stats.

During the course of play, characters may run into a wide variety of situations beyond the scope of either the combat rules or the social encounter rules above. In these situations, GMs may want to grant the players additional control over the narrative or simply throw the players out of their comfort zones. Skill games are Legend's answer to these situations, a form of non-combat encounter that uses character skill and player ingenuity as a means of resolving an array of archetypal conflicts. In a skill game, the characters in a party act as a unit, making skill checks and acquiring tokens to spend on a variety of options.
Skill games are divided into Bidding games and Option games. In Bidding games, parties spend tokens to bid for one of a variety of actions, and the party that makes the highest bid wins the bid and takes its action, possibly gaining other benefits based on the margin of its win. In Option games, involved parties simply spend tokens to buy their actions for a set price, which play out exactly as described.
Skill Game Basics
At the beginning of any skill game, the GM sets the skill game's DC. We suggest this DC be equal to the party's level + 15 to 20, though GMs should always consider the party's individual abilities when setting this DC.
The skill game proceeds in [Action rounds]. At the beginning of each [Action round], each party collectively chooses a number of skills, listed as the Number of Skills Chosen per Action Round, from the skill game's Skill List entry. After doing so, each character in each party in the skill game

234

makes a skill check for each skill his or her party chose. Each party then compares the highest result from among its members' checks for each chosen skill to the skill game's DC. For each of these results that exceeds the skill game's DC, the party is awarded a token for the skill game, which lasts until the end of the skill game or until the party uses it to pay tokens. Tokens can only be used in the Skill Game in which they are awarded. (Tokens can also sometimes be awarded in other ways specific to each skill-game encounter.)
Unless a skill game occurs over the duration of an [Encounter], [Scene], or [Quest], participants in the skill game may only take actions listed in that skill game's action set. The conditions under which a skill game ends are determined by the individual skill game. Most of the time, you cannot simply walk away from a skill game as you could a social encounter.
Using Tokens
Once tokens have been awarded, each party secretly chooses actions, and the [Action round] continues in one of two ways, as given below for the type of skill game. When secretly choosing actions, it is suggested that each party write down any of its actions and bid, if applicable. If the skill game includes parties controlled by both the GM and one or more players, it is suggested that the GM write down his or her actions and bid, if applicable, first, so that the players may consult openly with one another to determine their party's purchases and bids.
Bidding Game Each party secretly chooses an action from the skill game's action set and secretly bids any

number of tokens for the skill game it possesses on that action. (A party may bid zero tokens.) Once all parties have bid tokens, all parties simultaneously reveal the number of tokens they bid, but not the actions they chose, and pays that number of tokens for its action. The party with the highest bid takes the action it chose. The action has the effect listed for the number of tokens by the bid was won, as given in its entry in the skill game's action set.
If two or more bids tie for the highest bid, each party whose bid tied for the highest bid wins the bid and takes the action it chose if and only if that action has an effect if the bid was won by 0 tokens. Those parties each make a d20 roll. Parties take their actions in descending order of results. If there are any ties, the tied parties reroll until there is no tie between them. The order of the original rolls is followed except when determining the order between tied parties. After all actions are taken, the [Action round] ends.
Option Game Each party secretly chooses a number of actions less than or equal to the skill game's maximum number of actions per [Action round] from the skill game's action set. The combined token costs of the chosen actions must be equal to or less than the number of tokens for the skill game the party possesses. (A party may choose zero actions.) Once all parties have chosen their actions, if any, all parties simultaneously reveal their chosen actions. Each party then pays a number of tokens equal to the combined token costs of the actions it chose and takes the actions it chose. All actions are taken simultaneously. After all actions are taken, the [Action round] ends.

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

235

Interrogation
Type of Skill Game: Bidding Number of Skills Chosen per Action Round: 3 Skill List: Diplomacy, Perception, Intimidate, Bluff, Medicine, and History
Interrogation takes place between two parties -- the interrogators, and those being interrogated, as designated by the GM. In Interrogation, sooner or later, the person or persons being interrogated will crack. Thus, interrogators accrue a single token automatically at the start of each [Action Round].
On the other hand, breaking a subject can take a lot of time, particularly if you want information that's actually actionable instead of fake confessions. Thus, Interrogation uses time and information as scoring resources. The goal of the party under Interrogation is to stall as long as possible. In general, the interrogators should have six [Action rounds] before time starts running short on them for any of a variety of reasons of the GM's choosing, so gauge how much time an [Action round] takes based on that criterion.
Interrogation does not generally allow the interrogated party to walk away from bidding, but it can become a normal social combat encounter if both parties consent. If this occurs, each party's tokens from this skill game become tokens for the social combat encounter.

Lie: Good lies are hard to come by, but they work, and torture simply doesn't. At least not if you need actionable intelligence. Lies are the stock in trade of most interrogations, where they are used to build elaborate architectures of logic and belief. A solid lie needs to be planted in fertile soil, so this action must be used before you actually tell a lie, then "cashed in" when the lie is made. The Lie can be used by the party being interrogated against a successful Extract, or by either party as part of a Concession. It is not necessary to use this action for lies that aren't false pieces of information or false guarantees; those kinds of lies are made with a Bluff check, as usual.
Extract: This is the action that the interrogating party uses to gain the information they want. If the party being interrogated has a Lie prepared, they may feed a completely false piece of information that round instead of revealing tidbit of informations, pieces of actionable intelligence, or deep dark secrets.
Stall: Information is useless if it comes too late to act upon, so the party being interrogated wins if they can hold out until that point ­ or until the cavalry comes to rescue them. The interrogators may also use this option, but most of the time they won't find it useful.

Interrogation Action Set
Because the goals of the parties in play are asymmetric, the options open to them are different. To this end, the set of actions is tailored differently for each party.

Concession: Sometimes, you need to promise people things before they're willing to betray their side. Guarantees made as part of concessions must be kept, or at least appearances of keeping them must be made. If the interrogators have a

236

Lie prepared, however, they don't have to abide by their promise.
Leverage: Unlike the other options common to skill-games, Leverage needs more than just tokens. To use Leverage, shockingly, you actually need a lever. It might be a family member they don't want harmed or killed or an arm they don't want broken, but good leverage isn't easy to find. Generally, it's very hard to use Leverage more than once in an interrogation. Only interrogators may use Leverage.
Trap: A trap represents a skilled ruse designed to lull the other side into a false sense of security. Trap negatively impacts the opposition's ability to pass the skill tests that occur between actions. This means that they accumulate fewer tokens, which makes it an ideal way to solidify an existing advantage. A party may only use Trap once in a given interrogation.

Interrogation Action Table
Action Result Lie Bid Was Won by 2: You may divulge a piece of information or make a guarantee that is false Bid Was Won by 3: Two lies or false guarantees

Extract

Bid Was Won by 1: You extract a tidbit of information Bid Was Won by 2: You extract a piece of actionable intelligence Bid Was Won by 3: You extract two pieces of actionable intelligence Bid Was Won by 4: You extract a deep dark secret

Stall Bid Was Won by 1: The next action round cannot be Extract Bid Was Won by 2-3: The next action round cannot be Extract or Concessions Bid Was Won by 4: Extract cannot be used again in this interrogation

Conces- Bid Was Won by 0-2: The interrogators sions gain a piece of actionable intelligence in exchange for a small guarantee Bid Was Won by 3: The interrogators gain a deep dark secret in exchange for a large guarantee

Lever- Bid Was Won by 0-2: You blew it and age good. All your rolls are made at a -1 penalty for the duration of the interrogation Bid Was Won by 3: The party being interrogated loses two tokens Bid Was Won by 4: The party being interrogated loses two tokens and may no longer Stall

Trap Bid Was Won by 1: Opposing party suffers -3 to all rolls for one Action Round Bid Was Won by 2: Opposing Party suffers -4 to all rolls for one Action Round Bid Was Won by 3: Opposing party suffers -4 to all rolls for two Action Rounds

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

237

Investigation
Type of Skill Game: Option Number of Skills Chosen per Action Round: 1 Maximum Number of Actions per Action Round: 1 per player Skill List: Varies
When trying to play games laced with social and political complexities, and especially games with actual detective work and investigations, the disconnect between a character's detailed in-game knowledge and its player's knowledge can make it difficult for the party to proceed. The Investigation skill game helps to solve this problem by presenting players with tools to learn about, involve themselves with, and define the setting in which their characters operate. Unlike most skill games, which resolve over the course of a single [Encounter] and are fought out between multiple interested parties, Investigation serves as the backdrop for an entire [Quest], and provides the players with opportunity for discovery rather than a particular contest to win. It is intended to structure a story arc rather than serve as a symmetrical way for good guys and bad guys to strike at one another.
Investigation works well for all sorts of plots but is designed particularly with mysteries in mind: the players want to find something or someone; and they are willing to put an entirely unreasonable amount of effort into doing so. They advance the plot of this effort via Investigation. Each [Action round] in an Investigation encompasses an entire [Scene], during which players accumulate tokens. Victory in an [Encounter] during the skill game, whether the [Encounter] is

a combat, a social encounter, or even another skill game, is typically worth a single token. GMs may also choose to award a single token per [Scene] for good roleplaying. Additionally, each [Scene], the GM should offer the party a special skill check at a critical moment -- a chance to win a single extra token. Each character should make this check, and the party uses the highest result, as in any other skill game.
Once the party has tokens to spend, they may purchase up to a single action per player at the end of each [Scene], following the rules for Option games. The party can also save tokens if it wishes. A party typically accumulates three to five tokens per [Scene]. Actions in Investigation allow players to advance the plot in desired directions, and are divided into Advantages, which represent tools or contacts, and Opportunities, which allow them to make discoveries and pursue clues and events.
The Advantages and Opportunities presented below are suggestions and guidelines. GMs are encouraged to create additional choices that are relevant to their campaign and to carefully moderate what Advantages and Opportunities are available at any given time. Adding choices or taking them away can help to control the pace and tone of a [Quest] while still affording the players agency in the narrative. Greater access to Opportunities allows players to directly assert control over the plot, while a broader set of Advantages gives access to extra tactical and logistical resources. In either case, you can gradually increase the players' access to Advantages and Opportunities over the course of the skill game, creating a sense of achievement and, ideally, reflecting the players' actual in-game accomplishments.

238

At the same time, the Investigation skill game should never be the only way to complete a [Quest] or solve a mystery. For many parties, the Investigation game offers a clean, straightforward method of problem solving. For others, it offers options like safe-houses and help from law enforcement, or even the occasional escape route instead of plot advancement. Either way, it offers a chance to explore a genre that might otherwise not fit with their normal playstyle.
Investigation Action Set
Opportunities Small Lead (1 token): The party stumbles onto an obvious clue or avenue of inquiry that is interesting and directly relevant to the plot, a small but significant step forward in the pursuit of the truth/ bomb/genie/deathray at the narrative's heart. The Small Lead action helps preserve a game's momentum, and should always be available.
A Snitching Prisoner! (2 tokens): The party or the organization it represents have obtained a prisoner worth interrogating. The party begins an Interrogation skill game, with the DC set to 15 + the player characters' level.
A Few Witnesses! (2 tokens): These poor people have seen... something, and the truth is out there. The party begins a Negotiation skill game, with the DC set to 15 + the player characters' level.
A Desperate Chase! (2 tokens): A villain is about to get away, and with him a delicious and critical clue! The party begins a Parkour skill game, with the DC set to 15 + the player characters' level.

A Great Escape! (3 tokens): Until the end of the [Quest], the party can opt to interrupt a single combat encounter with a Parkour skill game, with the party as the pursued party in the Parkour skill game. This allows the party members to retreat safely from the encounter and gain the effects of the Small Lead action if they win the Parkour skill game. This decision can be made during any of the party members' turns during an [Encounter], but the entire party must agree on the decision. If the party interrupts the combat encounter this way, the party is considered to have won the encounter, and is awarded a token as normal for the rules of the Investigation skill game.
A Big Shoot-out! (4 tokens): The players get to go on the offensive. The party may propose a combat encounter to the GM and work with the GM to determine the specifics of the encounter, including the enemies it faces. If the party wins the combat encounter, the party gains the effects of the Small Lead action and is awarded a token.
A Meeting at the Crossroads! (5 tokens): The party has something that an antagonist wants. The party makes contact with the antagonist, who offers a major concession as part of a trade. It may be that the players find the trade undesirable, but if that's the case, the offer itself should be sufficiently telling, providing the party with the effects of two Small Lead actions.
An Abandoned Lair! (6 tokens): It's too late to catch the mysterious big boss this time, but by forcing the heretofore nameless foe to abandon this facility, the players have revealed their enemy's identity, dealt them a major setback, and recovered

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

239

enough evidence to reveal at least some portion of the grim plan behind all these events. This should provide a clear course of action moving into the next scene, with plenty of information and new leads to follow.

their deadlines or disrupting their ongoing missions. During this respite, each character in the party has the chance to exchange one consumable in their possession for another consumable of the same tier.

A Wicked Something! (8 tokens): The players have learned enough to make life dangerous -- for themselves. Their adversary sends an assassin or group of assassins to eliminate the pesky heroes. The party faces a combat encounter with an EL party members' level. If the party members survive this encounter, the party is awarded one token and gains the effects of two Small Lead actions. If the party wins the encounter, it is awarded an additional token per the rules of the Investigation skill game. If the party takes one of the assassins alive, the party gains the effects of the A Snitching Prison! action.
A Deadly Boss! (10 tokens): The players catch up with their target, or at least the highest-ranked target that they know about. This kicks off what the players should certainly think of as the final battle of their adventure, but feel free to reveal a new and more terrible enemy as the old one falls.
A Roaring Finale! (15 tokens): This is it -- curtains are pulled back, myths unveiled, and the true enemy is ready for the Big Fight At the End. This will go down in the history books, as long as there's someone left to write them.
Advantages Much Needed Rest (1 token): Party members have a chance to return to base, heal up, regroup, and pursue other matters without threatening any of

Advance Man (2 tokens): Explosives get set, tool caches sequestered, doors jimmied open, and getaway vehicles placed. Party members get everything they need to perform miracles that would be perfectly at home in a heist movie.
Goon Squad (2 tokens): The party gains the support of a mook of its members' level with the myriad archetype for a single [Encounter]. This myriad obeys their orders unquestioningly and leaves after the [Encounter] is over.
Can't Touch This (2 tokens): The characters hire an expert to remove evidence of a single [Encounter] after the fact. The party cannot be linked to the events of that [Encounter], nor can it credibly claim responsibility for what transpired.
License To Kill (3 tokens): A relevant governing authority grants the characters full sanction. For the next [Scene], the characters faces no legal repercussions for property damage, mayhem, killing, or whatever other destruction the characters can dream up in pursuit of their goals. Of course, this does not protect them from any injured parties seeking revenge or from the governing authority's own enemies.
Potion Cache (3 tokens): Each character in the party gains an allowance of consumables as if it were the beginning of a [Quest], plus one additional

240

consumable of any tier they are normally granted at the beginning of a [Quest].
Friendly Guild Mage (5 tokens): Until the end of the [Quest], as a swift action, any member of the party may cast each of the following spells once, at which point it becomes unavailable to the party: dimensional lock, legend lore, major image, and teleport. (As always, you don't have to offer this advantage if it's going to bust your plot or setting down the middle.)
Wealthy Friend (5 tokens): Each party member gains a Greater Item and the ability to attune and use it in addition to his or her normal allotment of items until the end of the [Quest]. In general, only three Wealthy Friend Advantages should be available per [Quest].
Invisibility Cloak (7 tokens): The characters get the chance to be sure no one sees them coming. Until the end of the [Quest], the party may choose to gain a surprise [Round] in any one combat [Encounter]. This choice must be made before initiative is rolled.
What Feats They Did That Day (9 tokens): This story shall the good man teach his son, from this day to the ending of the world. A powerful moment steels the party for the fight ahead. Until the end of the [Quest], the party may choose to have all damage its members deal be doubled in any one combat encounter. This choice must be made before initiative is rolled.

Negotiation
Type of Skill Game: Bidding Number of Skills Chosen per Action Round: 3 Skill List: Bluff, Diplomacy, Intimidate, Perception. Geography or History may be appropriate additions to the skill list for some Negotiation skill games.
The Negotiation skill game is useful for modeling formal interactions such as suing for peace, negotiating an armistice, buying secrets from a double agent, or using such secrets to sabotage your own armistice. It also provides a model for diplomatic situations that are less visibly formal, like pleading with a dragon when it's got a party member in its mouth.
All of the actions in Negotiation come down to attempts to secure concessions from other parties. Concessions are described as either moderate or significant, the exact meaning of which must inevitably vary on a case-by-case basis. Concessions can be used to reverse previous concessions, but there are generally more productive ways to spend one's tokens. A significant concession can reverse a significant or moderate concession; and a moderate concession can reverse another moderate concession.
When all is said and done, the Negotiation skill game can be resolved in one of two ways. If no party bids on a Demand action for two [Action rounds], the Negotiation ends amicably, and all granted concessions are socially binding. On the other hand, a party that has been pushed to its limits by unreasonable demands can leave in a huff. It loses all of its tokens and no longer has to grant any concessions for the skill game, though

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

241

other parties no longer have to grant it any concessions either. This can also often be a bad idea, with serious social and political consequences. If only one party remains in the skill game, the Negotiation ends.
Negotiation Action Set
Demand: The party demands a concession from one or more other parties in the skill game, who are socially obligated to grant the concession. The nature of the demand is not determined until this action is taken. The simplest option available in Negotiation, demanding things is a time-honored diplomatic tradition.
Pork Barrel: Your party chooses another party in the skill game. That party may grant your party a moderate concession. If it does, the chosen party may add the bid made by your party this [Action round] to its bid on the Demand action this [Action round] before determining the effects of its action. If the chosen party did not bid on the Demand action this [Action round], it may add the bid made by your party this [Action round] to its bid on the Demand action during the next [Action round] instead. If the chosen party does not grant a moderate concession, your party's bid is canceled: your party is awarded a number of tokens equal to the number it bid on this action; and other parties ignore the bid made by your party this [Action round] when determining the effects of their actions.

concession. The next time that party takes the Demand action, including during this [Action round], if your party specified a moderate concession, the chosen party may grant your party that concession. If it does not, or if your party did not specify a concession, it subtracts your party's bid on this action from its bid on the Demand action before determining the effects of its action. The Hornswaggle action is purely a delay tactic, meant to force negotiations.
Negotiation Action Table
Action Result Demand Bid Was Won by 1: Your party successfully
demands a moderate concession which is mutually beneficial to you and opposing parties. Bid Was Won by 2: Your party successfully demands a moderate concession which is potentially somewhat dangerous to opposing parties, or a significant concession which is mutually beneficial. Bid Was Won by 3: Your party successfully demands a significant concession that poses no danger to opposing parties. Bid Was Won by 4: Your party successfully demands a significant concession that poses some danger to opposing parties.

Hornswaggle: You resort to blatant threats, and promise to crumple someone's hopes unless they give a bit. Your party chooses another party in the skill game, and may specify a moderate

242

Parkour
Type of Skill Game: Option Number of Skills Chosen per Action Round: 3 Maximum Number of Actions per Action Round: 3 Skill List: Athletics, Acrobatics, Geography, Per ception and Stealth. If it is appropriate to the situation, you may wish to include the Engineering, History or Nature skills in addition to the skill list.
Parkour takes place between two parties -- the pursuing party, and the pursued party, as designated by the GM. Every once in a while, you need to orchestrate a dramatic chase through a crowded street festival, across a sprawl of tenement rooftops, or in a stretch of burning forest. The Parkour skill game allows you to resolve these sorts of high-energy chases, and gives the GM and players alike an opportunity to define small aspects of the immediate setting.
Each party begins the Parkour skill game with 3 Chase Points. A party's Chase Points cannot drop below 0. The party with the most Chase Points at the end of the skill game wins the skill game.
Actions in the Parkour skill game are divided into Leads, which allow parties to gain additional Chase Points, Hazards, which reduce the opposing party's Chase Points, Setups, which allow parties to gain tactical advantages later, and Contingencies, which allow a parties to negate the effects of Hazard actions. No party can choose a single action more than once per [Action round].
Once a total of either 7 Lead or 7 Hazard actions have been taken in the skill game, the next [Action round] becomes a Final Stretch [Action round]. At the end of each Final Stretch [Action round], if the parties are not tied for Chase

Points, the skill game ends. If the parties are tied for Chase Points, another Final Stretch [Action round] takes place.
Parkour Action Set
Leads Run For It! (1 token): The party gains 1 Chase Point when actions are revealed during the next [Action round]. If it is the Final Stretch [Action round], the party gains 1 Chase Point now instead.
Take A Gamble (2 tokens): If the opposing party did not take any Hazard actions this [Action round], your party gains 2 Chase Points when actions are revealed during the next [Action Round]. Otherwise, your party gains 1 Chase Point when actions are revealed during the next [Action round]. If it is the Final Stretch [Action round], your party gains these Chase Points now instead.
Make Way! (3 tokens): The party gains 1 Chase Point each [Action round] when actions are revealed, beginning with the next [Action round].
Hazards Barricade (1 token): The opposing party loses 1 Chase Point when actions are revealed during the next [Action round]. If it is the Final Stretch [Action round], the opposing party loses 1 Chase Point now instead.
Sudden Twist (2 tokens): The effects of a Make Way! action the opposing party has taken cease.
Lethal Terrain (3 tokens): The opposing party loses 1 Chase Point each [Action round] when actions

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

243

are revealed, beginning with the next [Action round ].
Setups Analysis (1 token): During any [Action round] after this one, when parties choose actions, the party may choose to trigger this action. When this action is triggered, the party may increase the number of Chase Points a party gains or loses from a single Lead or Hazard action this [Action round] by 1.

Drop (2 tokens): If the party would lose any number of Chase Points this [Action round], it loses 2 fewer instead.
Roll (3 tokens): The effects of a Lethal Terrain action the opposing party has taken cease. Additionally, the party may increase the number of Chase Points it gains from a single Lead action it takes during the next [Action round] by 1.

Misdirection (2 tokens): During any [Action round] after this one, when parties choose actions, the party may choose to trigger this action. When this action is triggered, the party does not reveal actions it takes this [Action round], except for the Sudden Twist action or Contingency actions. The party still takes these actions this [Action round] (which affects when the action's effects occur); and these actions are revealed during the next [Action round] when actions are revealed. If it is the Final Stretch [Action round], this action has no effect.

Momentum (3 tokens): During any [Action round] after this one, when parties choose actions, the party may choose to trigger this action. When this action is triggered, the party may increase the number of Chase Points parties gain or lose from each of the party's Lead and Hazard actions this [Action round] by 1.

Contingencies Stop (1 token): If the party would lose any number of Chase Points this [Action round], it loses 1 fewer instead.

244

Environmental Rules and Hazards
The rules presented below provide options for representing the potential harm inflicted by falls, suffocation and starvation in a game. These should be seen, in general, as tools for a GM to use. Rules for falling, suffocation and starvation in particular may not fit into or have a role in every game, but when a game does need them you can find them below.
Falling
Willingly or otherwise, characters sometimes take the plunge, and when they do it's good to know how much hurt you can deliver with a casual defenestration. As Legend tends to deal with height as an abstract function, we typically divide falls into three narrative types.
Trivial fall Short and inconsequential, a trivial fall is easily survived and doesn't slow a character down in any sense besides potentially forcing him to jump back up to his previous position.
Hazardous fall A hazardous fall is more dramatic in nature, and might cause some real injury, dealing 5d6 damage. By default, a fall that inflicts damage should be a hazardous fall.
Dramatic Plunge Sometimes you get pushed off a cliff by the Marquessa de Winter and a hazardous fall just isn't enough. A dramatic plunge deals 5d8 damage, plus 1d8 damage per level of the falling creature.

This is, very explicitly, a fall to your doom, and should not be a common occurrence. Use dramatic plunges only sparingly, only when dramatically appropriate, and be aware that what is a dramatic plunge for one creature in one situation might not be for another.
Suffocation
Most creatures need air to survive, and running out of it is a bad way to go. Suffocating creatures become [Slowed] and [Energy drained] from suffocation each [Round] at the end of their turns. The penalty from the [Energy drained] condition inflicted by suffocating stacks with any other penalties from [Energy drained], up to a maximum of the suffocating creature's highest circle. Conditions gained from suffocation ignore [Immunity], and cannot be removed until the creature is no longer suffocating. If at the end of its turn a suffocating creature's penalties from [Energy drained] cannot increase, it falls [Unconscious] instead, and dies after a number of minutes equal to half its Constitution score.
The risks of suffocation can be held off temporarily by holding one's breath. Most creatures can hold their breath for 1 [Round] per point of Constitution they possess in pressurized environments, or for a single [Round] in hard vacuum. Creatures that don't need to breathe never suffocate, and can hold their breath indefinitely.
Starvation and Dehydration
While not appropriate for all campaigns at all times, the rules for other forms of extreme deprivation are similar to those for suffocation, though they occur over much longer time scales. A creature that does not eat or drink for a number of

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

245

days equal to its Constitution modifier (minimum 1 day) begins starving or dehydrating, respectively, and is [Energy drained] at the beginning of each day. The penalty from the [Energy drained] condition from starving or dehydrating stacks with any other penalties from [Energy drained], up to a maximum of the starving or dehydrating creature's highest circle. The [Energy drained] condition from starving or dehydrating ignores [Immunity] and cannot be removed until the starving or dehydrating creature eats or drinks, respectively. If at the beginning of a day a starving or dehydrating creature's penalties from [Energy drained] cannot increase, the creature falls [Unconscious] instead, and dies after a number of days equal to half its Constitution modifier. Creatures that don't need to eat or drink never starve or dehydrate.

Environmental Hazards
Be aware that environmental hazards can easily become too deadly if applied in excess, leading to an untimely demise for all involved. This can be a far worse problem when hazards do not affect all parties symmetrically. We strongly recommend your encounters include no more than one of these hazards, plus another one for every 3-5 levels of the players, and that you monitor their potential effects carefully. As a rule of thumb, if an environmental hazard negatively affects or is likely to negatively affect a greater percentage of one party in an encounter than the other, treat the EL of the advantaged party as one higher. Try not to place your players in a position where EL is being adjusted by more than two points either way.

246

Bright

A little too bright, actually.

Fortitude [Dazzled] until the end of the [Encounter]

Deceptive

This place does things to your head.

Will [Confused] until the end of the first [Round]

Foul air

You can feel it on your skin.

Fortitude [Sickened] until the end of the [Encounter]

Haunted

There's something watching.

Will

[Shaken] until the end of the [Encounter]

Loud

WHAT? WHAT DID YOU SAY?

Fortitude [Deafened] until the end of the [Encounter]

Memetic hazard Goggles would have done something. Will

[Blinded] for one [Round]

Nauseating

Oh, ew.

Fortitude/ Will

[Nauseated] for one [Round]

On fire

This is what you get for fighting in a burning building.

Reflex

[Burning] for three [Rounds]

Restful

You have to shake yourself awake. Fortitude

[Fatigued] for one [Round]

Tricksy

Don't trip on the roots, now.

Reflex [Entangled] until the end of the [Encounter]

Table 11-1 Hostile Environ ments

Hostile Environments From the desert sun that forces a wayward vagabond to avert his eyes, to the fumes of a bubbling tar pit, some environments are fundamentally hostile. Simply being in these places can inflict any one of a number of undesirable conditions. At the start of each [Encounter], each creature in a hostile environment gains the condition listed as the effect of that environment given in the table below for the duration listed. The DCs for hostile environments are 10 + 5 per [Encounter] spent in that environment during the current [Scene]. A successful save of the type listed for a hostile environment in the table below negates the environment's effect. If an environment lists two different saves, the GM chooses either save when the environment is created.
After a creature ends one or more [Scenes] in some hostile environments, it may become acclimated to that environment. At the beginning of each [Scene], after the first completed in that environment, each creature in a hostile environment that has completed a [Scene] in that environment may make a save to gain [Immunity] to that environment. A successful save of the type listed for a hostile environment in the table above (DC 30 - 5

for each [Scene] in which the creature made a successful save against that environment - 5 for each [Scene] after the first it has completed in that environment) grants the creature [Immunity] to the effects of that particular hostile environment.
Limited Visibility In a world navigated primarily by sight, not being able to see can be a serious hazard to anyone. There are two grades of limited visibility:
»» Obstructed-visibility conditions can be fog, smoke, heavy rain, dust-storms, and the darkest part of night, among other things. Creatures in these conditions treat all creatures outside of their [Melee] range as [Concealed], and are [Concealed] when viewed from beyond [Melee] range. They likewise treat all creatures beyond their [Close] range as [Fully concealed], and are [Fully concealed] when viewed from beyond [Close] range.
»» Zero-visibility conditions can be anything from whiteout conditions and total darkness to swimming pools full of blood. Creatures in these conditions suffer the effects of being [Blinded], and those looking into these conditions cannot distinguish features of

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

247

the environment and treat creatures inside zero visibility conditions as if they were [Invisible]. Illumination, such as that provided by torches and some abilities, and [Darkvision] can counter limited visibility that results from darkness, though most illumination is useless against magical darkness. Illuminated creatures and areas are treated as [Revealed] for purposes of concealment granted by darkness, though not necessarily for other forms of concealment.
Onrush From avalanches and mudslides to coursing rivers and great typhoons, a certain class of hazard falls in the territory of "knocking you over and hitting you with stuff." These conditions are divided by severity, from easily-overcome currents or mudslides to brutal torrents of stone, water, or tornado-force winds. When using an onrush, a GM must determine whether the onrush occupies the whole battlefield or a smaller defined area, what direction it is flowing, whether or not they want to optionally designate it as a [Ground] effect, and its severity, from one to five.
Each [Round], at the beginning of its turn, each creature in the area of an onrush suffers the effect corresponding to the onrush's severity, listed in the table below, as well as the effects corresponding to each lower severity. A successful Fortitude save (DC 5 + 5 per severity of the onrush) negates these effects.

Severity 1 The creature treats movement, except in the direction the onrush is flowing, as difficult terrain.
Severity 2 The creature is [Checked] against the direction the onrush is flowing.
Severity 3 The creature is [Blown away] in the direction the onrush is flowing and takes 5d6 physical damage.
Severity 4 The creature is [Battered]. Severity 5 The creature takes 5d6 physical damage.
Unusual Areas It's not so much that the laws of physics ever break as that they happen to be locally different on occasion. Unusual areas are places where things are a little off from the usual... or a lot off.
Draining: These areas come in two varieties: greater and lesser. At the beginning of each [Encounter] in a greater draining area, or each [Scene] in a lesser draining area, each creature in this area suffer 10 points of [HP reduction], which cannot be removed and lasts until the creature begins a [Scene] outside of the area.
Elemental: The area is a maelstrom of pure energy, classified as lesser, standard, or greater. Any creature in the area at the start of its turn takes 3, 6, or 9 damage in a lesser, standard or greater elemental area, respectively. This damage is [Fire], [Cold], [Acid], [Electricity], [Positive], or [Negative], chosen by the GM when the area is created.
Folded space: Whenever a creature in this area moves, it may add the [Teleport] descriptor to its movement.

248

Hard vacuum: In space, no one can hear you scream, so all creatures are [Deafened] while in this area. This condition cannot be removed and ignores [Immunity]. (In addition, creatures in a hard vacuum must hold their breath or begin suffocating.)
No-fly zone: Due to local regulations, creatures in this area lose [Flying] and the Fly movement mode.
Pressurized: All squares in this area are difficult terrain, and all d20 rolls made in this area suffer a -2 penalty.
Submerged: Creatures must use the Swim movement mode or an Athletics check to navigate this area. The Fly movement mode cannot be used in this area, and unless the environment is specifically described as possessing solid ground to burrow through, the Burrow movement mode cannot be used in this area.
Zero gravity: All creatures gain the Fly movement mode while in this area, and using a free action to start or stop [Flying] does not provoke attacks of opportunity while in this area. Effects that would remove [Flying] and a creature's flight speed function normally.

Traps
Traps are generally part of the terrain. Abilities, such as the Scourge [Legendary] ability, that seriously alter the terrain can affect traps at EL 10 and below. At EL 11 and above, traps are typically protected by wards or other precautions.
Traps come in two major types: Concealed Traps, the standard for a dungeon delve, and Open Hazards, which include everything from lava pits to ancient and deadly gear works. Concealed Traps follow all the normal rules for traps. Open Hazards follow these rules, with some changes, noted below.
Open Hazards
Many dungeons are dominated by enormous lava pits, sprawling spike traps, or just poor construction standards. We call these Open Hazards. Open Hazards occupy twice as many squares as other traps, are automatically detected, and cannot be disarmed, destroyed or otherwise deactivated, except where noted otherwise. Open Hazards have no recharge time. Creatures who remain in the area suffer the effect again at the beginning of their turns.
Generally, players should be able to overcome open hazards with enough preparation and knowledge. Such knowledge can usually be obtained with knowledge checks. Open Hazards can range from window dressing to brutally assured total party kills. Open Hazards that cover chokepoints or the majority of an encounter's battlefield increase the EL of the trap by at least 50% and should not be used regularly.

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

249

Triggering Traps
Traps, fundamentally, are all about going off. This can range from a hail of deadly arrows to a seeping poison cloud. Regardless, traps at the end of the day are defined by what happens when you trigger them. For the purposes of determining if a creature is going to trigger a given trap, traps occupy a number of contiguous squares called the trap's area. Any creature that enters a trap's area triggers the trap, suffering that trap's effect. The square of the trap's area the creature enters is called the triggered square. Some traps also require saves. Once a trap has triggered, it cannot trigger again for until a number of [Rounds] have passed, given as the trap's Recharge, unless otherwise specified.
With some time and effort, creatures may be able to circumvent a trap that they've seen operate even if they can't disarm or destroy it.
Detecting Traps
If a creature's comes within [Close] range of a trap and its Awareness exceeds a trap's DC, that creature automatically detects the trap. Otherwise, a party may make a number of rolls given on <insert trap table reference here> to detect a trap. These rolls can be Perception, Engineering, or Larceny rolls, and are compared against the DCs of any traps within [Close] range. The first roll requires no action, and each creature may make the roll. A party uses the highest result.
After the first roll, even if there are no opponents present or known to the creatures, the creatures roll initiative and play proceeds in [Rounds], with turns in order of initiative. creatures may continue to make rolls, but only one roll can be made per [Round ] by a given creature, and each roll must be made as part of a move action or as a swift action.

A creature may also spend a standard action to gain a +2 bonus to all checks and to Awareness to detect traps until the end of his or her turn. If the creature knows the general vicinity or nature of a trap in advance, it gains an additional +3 bonus to all checks and to Awareness to detect the trap.
Disarming Traps
Players can attempt to disarm any trap they have detected. A party may make a number of rolls given on table 11-2 to disarm a trap. Only one roll can be made per [Round] by a given player, and each roll must be made as a standard action or two consecutive move actions, which may be spent over multiple [Rounds]. You can use Knowledge, Engineering, Athletics, or Larceny. Other skills may be used at GM discretion. If a party fails all the rolls to disarm a trap, the trap becomes jammed, unable to be disarmed. Attempts to disarm a trap can be made against any of a trap's squares.
Destroying Traps
Creatures can attempt to destroy any trap that has been triggered. Otherwise, a creature can only attempt to destroy a trap if their Awareness exceeds the trap's DC or if an ally's awareness has exceeded the DC and informed them of its presence. A trap is destroyed when its hit points are reduced to 0. Attacks against traps can target any of a trap's squares, automatically hit, and traps automatically fail saving throws.
Breaking and Building Traps
Traps can occupy the same squares as other traps, though it can typically throw off EL expectations. GMs may always use fewer squares for a trap than is stated. Traps do not last forever. They require

250

maintenance, reloading, or even convection heating (to keep lava from solidifying). Legend does not cover this maintenance, but GMs may wish to make changes based on these considerations. Building traps is hard, and takes a lot of time. Most traps aren't portable, and those that are become available through other means such as the Professional Soldier track. GMs can decide if more traditional emplaced traps, as described here, are at the players' disposal.
The majority of traps cause [HP reduction], instead of damage, which lasts until the end of the [Encounter] unless otherwise specified. At the GM's discretion, they may specify this [HP reduction] lasts until the end of the [Scene]. This is an optional rule for GMs who wish to use traps to wear down their players over time. It is advised

that the GM carefully consider the increased difficulty of any subsequent [Encounters] as EL may be raised drastically depending on how much [HP reduction] the players suffer.
Trap Abilities
1st Tier Alarm: Triggering this trap generates an effect like noises or lights, alerting other creatures or activating other traps. The exact effects of this depend on the scenario but should generally cause other threats to materialize.
Burn: Triggering this trap causes any of a variety of effects, such as shooting arrows from the walls, sending mammoth skulls cascading from the

Encounter

Squares Skill DC Save DC

Rolls

HP

Level

½

4

10

13

3

10

1

4

12

13

3

15

2

6

14

14

3

20

3

6

15

15

3

25

4

8

16

16

3

35

5

8

18

16

2

40

6

10

19

18

2

45

7

10

20

18

2

50

8

12

21

19

2

60

9

12

22

20

2

65

10

13

24

21

1

70

11

13

25

21

1

75

12

14

26

23

1

80

13

14

27

23

1

90

14

15

28

24

1

100

15

15

30

25

1

100

16

16

31

26

1

100

17

16

32

26

1

100

18

16

33

28

1

100

19

16

34

28

1

120

20

16

36

30

1

140

UAM
3 3 3 4 4 4 5 5 5 6 6 6 7 7 7 8 8 8 9 9 10

Maximum Ability Tier
1 1 1 1 2 2 2 2 2 3 3 3 3 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

Recharge (Rounds)
3 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0

Table 11-2 Trap Stats by Encoun ter Level

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

251

ceiling, creating spikes on the floor, or creating some other imminent violent threat, inflicting [HP reduction] equal to twice the sum of the trap's EL and UAM.
Flashbang: Triggering this trap creates a disorienting explosion of bright lights and loud noises, inflicting [Blinded] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save negates this effect. This trap may also draw the attention of any nearby guards.
Sticky Goop: Triggering this trap covers its victims in an unpleasant, immobilizing sludge, inflicting [Entangled] for two [Rounds]. A successful Reflex save negates this effect.
Obscuring Mist: Triggering this trap releases a thick fog, creating an obscuring mist, as the spell, centered on the triggered square, with a duration of UAM [Rounds].

2nd Tier Shielding: This trap cannot be triggered. This trap protects other traps from tampering by intruders, granting all other traps in the current encounter a +2 bonus to their DCs until it is disarmed or destroyed. This bonus does not stack with bonuses from other Shielding traps.
Weakening Poison: Triggering this trap fires envenomed darts, fills the air with poison gas, or otherwise afflicts creatures, inflicting [HP reduction] equal to the sum of the trap's EL and UAM the next time the triggering creature takes damage or triggers a trap other than a Weakening Poison trap before the end of the [Encounter]. This trap cannot be triggered more than three times per [Encounter]. Triggering this trap does not reveal it if it has not been detected.

252

Delta Generator: Triggering this trap siphons stamina as a crimson cord of energy, dealing 10 damage to the triggering creature if it is an opponent, or healing 10 hit points if it is an ally. Delta Generators are always Open Hazards.

Sticky Gel: Triggering this trap coats the unfortunate victim in a rapidly-hardening, constrictive gelatin, inflicting [Slowed] for two [Rounds], and [HP reduction] equal to this trap's EL. A successful Reflex save negates the [Slowed] condition.

Claymore Mine: This trap cannot be triggered except as an immediate action by its owner, a creature in the encounter designated at the start of the [Encounter]. Its owner must be within [Close] range to trigger this trap. Triggering this trap detonates the mine, dealing damage equal to the sum of four times the trap's EL and twice its UAM. Claymore mines cannot be triggered more than once per [Encounter]. Claymore mines are most suitable for those of a traditional mindset regarding how many pieces they want their foes in. Many use their unique triggering method to attempt to get as many opponents inside affected squares as possible.
Blast: Triggering this trap results in something like a burst of flames or spinning blades that race down a hallway, dealing damage equal to twice this trap's EL.
Smash Trap: Triggering this trap causes blunt-force trauma by such devices as swinging hammers, rolling boulders, or shooting stones, inflicting [Prone], and [HP reduction] equal to this trap's EL.
Acid: Triggering this trap releases a caustic spray that sears and distracts its victims, inflicting [Flatfooted] for one [Round], and [HP reduction] equal to level + UAM.

3rd Tier Reverse Gravity: Triggering this trap lifts up those within just enough to keep them from going where they want to with their own feet. Creatures within the trap's area are [Checked] in all directions if they do not have the Fly movement mode for UAM [Rounds]. A triggering creature with the Fly movement mode is [Checked] in the direction they were moving when they first entered the trap's square for one [Round].
Drifting Minefield: Triggering this trap detonates one of the many component mines, inflicting 5 [HP reduction] and destroying the triggered square, reducing the trap's size by 1. This trap recharges immediately. At the start of each [Round], each square of this trap may move up to 10 ft. This trap is always an Open Hazard.
Rocks Fall: Triggering this trap makes rocks fall on pesky adventures, inflicting [Battered] for three [Rounds], and [HP reduction] equal to the trap's EL.
Thrust Grid: Triggering this trap releases a powerful shockwave, inflicting [Blown away] in a single fixed direction chosen when the trap is placed, and [HP reduction] equal to the trap's EL.
Deadly Neurotoxin: Triggering this trap afflicts a creature with painful, debilitating spasms,

Chapter XI: Non-Combat Encounters

253

inflicting [HP reduction] equal to the sum of the trap's EL and UAM, and reducing the triggering creature's movement speed by half for one [Round ]. This movement speed reduction does not stack. Deadly Neurotoxin cannot be detected until it has been triggered, and recharges immediately. Deadly Neurotoxin is always a Concealed Trap.
Gunners: Triggering this trap releases a flurry of rockets, bolts, bullets, or even magical projectiles, inflicting [HP reduction] equal to the trap's EL to all opponents in any of its squares. Gunners are always Open Hazards, but they occupy quadruple the number of squares as a normal trap instead of double for being an Open Hazard.

Ripping: Triggering this trap exposes a creature to an array of blades like so many gnashing teeth dripping with poisons or arcane energies, inflicting [HP reduction] equal to three times the trap's UAM, which does not expire until the end of the [Scene] (instead of the end of the [Encounter]).
Tearing: Triggering this trap unleashes a bloody whirlwind of telekinetic magics, inflicting [Battered] for one [Round], and [HP reduction] equal to the sum of the trap's EL and UAM. Any square the triggering creature moves through within [Close] range of this trap while [Battered] becomes part of this trap.

Force Wall: Triggering this trap summons a barricade of pure magical energy, creating a wall of force, as the spell, with a duration of three [Rounds], and up to half the trap's unoccupied squares as the trap's area.

4th tier Crushing: Triggering this trap mashes adventurers between suddenly mobile walls, floors, or ceilings, inflicting [Stunned] for two [Rounds], and [HP reduction] equal to the sum of the trap's EL and UAM. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Stunned] condition.

254

CHAPTER
XII Magic and Spellcasting

Some insist that magic should be performed with ceremonial octograms, ram's skulls, and dribbly candles. Others make do with three small bits of wood and 2cc of mouse blood. In any case, unlike the specific abilities granted by most feats and tracks, spellcasting is a valuable resource for any character that values having just the right tool for the job. This comes with a drawback ­ spells refresh more slowly than most track abilities, so a would-be spellcaster would be wise to have a backup plan in case his magic runs out prematurely.

Magic in Legend

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

Mechanically, we think that a predictable and "learnable" magic system is absolutely critical. If your character wants to call fire down from the sky on the enemy, it's very important to know how big the column of fire is going to be. If you're banking on the spell working the same way it did last time, you'd better hope that a sudden change in the spell's function doesn't end up roasting your allies.
There are, of course, many game systems with a much lighter rule set, in which case it's possible to come up with a failure mode for spells that consistently advances the game's story. In a rules-heavy
255

game like Legend, in which effects are carefully and precisely described, there is less room for ambiguous effects that can randomly screw over player characters. If you need to expand the consequences of spellcasting, look to ability descriptions that describe potential environmental effects, such as a fire spell being capable of igniting easily combustible material. If you like magic to have a more unpredictable feel, consider emphasizing rolled damage and the effects of targets' saving throws as a function of how correctly the spell was cast.
Magic in the Game World
Magic in Legend is a force subject to laws that do not arbitrarily change. This is a very important concept, because it means that magic is subject to experimentation; it can be studied and eventually even understood. This does not mean that magic is always understood; the people of many game worlds have never come up with the scientific method and many other game worlds lack the social stability to spread information widely. It does, however, mean that once you learn to use magic, it generally works the way you expect it to, barring the intervention of external forces.
As you might imagine, there are quite a few ways that magic can manifest, depending on the place and people involved. In areas where magic is feared instead of studied, for instance, magic is never well understood. Unknown magical techniques are occasionally found in ancient tomes or secret runes, but even then the techniques are usually recorded as rituals rather than as principles that can be further developed.

Classifying Magic

Since magic in Legend is largely predictable and measurable in nature, the set of classifications for magic is well-known to all creatures. It's important to note that these classifications refer not to what the spells accomplish, but to how the spells "function" ­ creation spells function by creating something that then functions as it naturally would, for example, but various creation spells accomplish very different things.
Spell-like and supernatural abilities can be classified in the same fashion as spells, but are not subject to the same restrictions (specific rules for spell-like and supernatural abilities can be found in individual ability descriptions).

Creation

Creation spells create matter of some sort. This matter can be temporarily formed from ambient energy, or can be more permanent in nature.

Divination Divination spells provide the caster with insight or precognition.

Evocation

Evocation spells bring forth bursts of insubstantial energy. Some evocations can be made to last, but none are substantial in nature or create actual matter.

Transmutation spells change the Transmutation structure or nature of matter.

Acquiring Magic
All spellcasting creatures in Legend gain the use of spells via a specific track devoted to spellcasting. In Legend, the two core spellcasting tracks belong natively to the shaman and tactician classes. Each track is tied to a list of spells (although there is

256

some overlap), and the shaman and tactician tracks can each be acquired via multiclassing.
Possessing a spellcasting track gives a creature two benefits. First, the track opens access to its spell list. The creature can learn (and therefore cast) spells from that list. Core tracks give three new spells per circle. Second, the track grants a number of "spells per [Scene]" ­ essentially, open slots dedicated to a particular spell circle, which the creature can "spend" on any spell of that circle.
Using Magic
Using magic in Legend is a straightforward process. On your turn (unless activating a spell as an immediate action), you spend the action required to activate the spell, make any roll necessary to determine the spell's success, and make any roll necessary to determine the spell's damage or other variable effects. The GM then makes any saving throws required by the spell.
Saving Throws
Many spells require their targets to make saves, either to reduce or avoid their effects. The save DCs of all spells are determined by the particular spellcasting track used to cast them. Shaman Spellcasting has a DC of 10 + 1/2 your level + your Wisdom modifier, while Tactician Spellcasting has a DC of 10 + 1/2 your level + your Intelligence modifier.
Attacks of Opportunity
All spells with a casting action other than "swift action" or "immediate action" provoke an attack of opportunity from any enemy creature within

[Melee] range. If you are damaged by such an attack of opportunity, you must make a successful Will saving throw (DC 10 + ½ your attacker's level + your attacker's KOM) or your spell fails and the action spent to cast it is wasted without effect. If casting the spell involves taking an action that would normally provoke an attack of opportunity, such as making a ranged attack, you still only provoke one attack of opportunity.
Recovering Magic
A substantial bit of rest is required to recharge expended magical resources. A spellcaster recovers all previously cast spells at the end of each [Scene].
Reverse Spells
Some spells have two versions ­ a normal and a reverse. A spellcaster that knows the normal version of the spell automatically knows the reverse version as well.
Spell Lists
Shaman
The DC for Shaman spells is equal to 10 + ½ your level + your Wisdom modifier.
First Circle: Cure Light Wounds ­ Restore 2d4 HP, +2 per level, and remove one condition from an ally.
Reversal: Inflict Light Wounds ­ Deal 2d6 damage,+2 per level to an opponent.
Sanctuary ­ Opponents must make a Will save to make offensive actions against touched creature until it takes an offensive action. Bless ­ Allies gain +1 to attack rolls and Will saves.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

257

Reversal: Bane ­ Opponents suffer a -1 penalty to attack rolls and Will saves.
Incantation ­ single creature gains +1 bonus to attack rolls, +1 more per 3 levels.
Endure Elements ­ Creature gains tremendous resilience against environmental hazards. Obscuring Mist ­ Fog forms around you, rendering creatures within [Concealed]. World-Mind ­ Communicate telepathically with your allies.
Second Circle: Cure Moderate Wounds ­ Restore 2d4 HP, +3 per level and remove one condition from an ally.
Reversal: Inflict Moderate Wounds ­ Deal 2d6 damage, +3 per level to an opponent.
Lesser Restoration ­ Remove 2 conditions from an ally, from an extensive list. Status ­ Monitor the location and condition of allies. Resist Elements ­ Creature gains [Lesser resistance] to a specified energy type.
Reversal: Elemental Vulnerability ­ Creature gains [Vulnerability] to a specified energy type.
Nature's Power ­ Creature gains +2 to attack rolls, damage and DCs. Flame Blade ­ Ally's weapon deals an additional 1 energy damage per 2 levels.
Third Circle: Call Lightning ­ Call down bolts of lightning that deal 2d4+1 damage per level to a single opponent each [Round].
Incantation: Ally's weapon deals an additional 1d6 energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor per circle you possess in the spellcasting track that grants this spell.

Cure Serious Wounds ­ Restore 3d4 HP, +4 per level, and remove two conditions from an ally.
Reversal: Inflict Serious Wounds ­ Deal 3d6 damage, +4 per level to an opponent.
Dispel Magic ­ End one or two magical effects, dependent on circle. Holy Smite ­ Creatures in a radius are struck for 1d10 damage per level.
Incantation: Creature is struck for 1d6 damage per level.
Searing Light ­ Ray of energy deals increased damage to [Undead] creatures. Death Ward ­ Creature gains [Immunity] to [Death] effects and [Energy drained]. Repelling Ward ­ Opponents must make a Will save to approach within range.
Fourth Circle: Cure Critical Wounds ­ Restore 4d4 HP, +5 per level, and remove 2 conditions from an ally.
Reversal: Inflict Critical Wounds ­ Deal 4d6 damage, +4 per level to an opponent.
Flame Strike ­ Create a column of flame that deals 2d6 damage per level to those within. Stoneskin ­ Creature gains limited [Lesser resistance] to damage. Restoration ­ Remove 4 conditions from an ally, from an extensive list. Wind Walk ­ Turn yourself and allies into mist and ride with the wind. Hold Monster ­ Creature is rendered [Paralyzed].
Incantation: Creature is rendered briefly [Para lyzed], then [Slowed].
Dimensional Anchor ­ Creature is rendered unable to use or benefit from [Teleport] effects. Regenerative Aura ­ Allies gain [Fast healing] while within range.

258

Fifth Circle: Crush of Earth ­ Creatures in area are rendered [Prone] and lose the ability to fly.
Reversal: Reverse Gravity ­ Creatures and objects in area fall upward.
Heal ­ Restore 5d4 HP, +6 per level, and remove 3 conditions from an ally.
Reversal: Harm ­ Deal 7 damage per level to an opponent.
Fist of the Earth ­ Allies within range gain a bonus to damage and inflict [Slowed] with attacks. Ring of Blades ­ Create a wall of blades that deals 1d8 damage per level to creatures within. Sunburst ­ Burst of light deals 2d6 damage per level and leaves creatures [Blinded].
Sixth Circle: Adamant Skin ­ Creature gains limited [Resistance] to damage. Greater Dispel Magic ­ As dispel magic, but ends higher circle effects. Lightning Storm ­ Call down bolts of lightning that deal 2d4+1 damage per level to opponents in range each [Round]. Heart of Oak ­ Allies within range gain [Lesser resistance] to damage and [Immunity] to [Dazed] and [Stunned]. Hallow ­ Create a magical field over an area that boosts allies' spells and hinders opponents' spells. Bloodwind ­ Howling wind inflicts [HP reduction] that can also deal damage and inflict [Energy drained ]. Greater Restoration ­ Remove 6 conditions from an ally, from an extensive list.

Seventh Circle: Miracle ­ Perform a miracle. Firestorm ­ Create numerous columns of fire that deal 2d6 damage per level to those within. Mass Heal ­ Restore 5d4 HP, +6 per level, and remove 3 conditions from allies in range.
Reversal: Mass Harm ­ Deal 7 damage per level to opponents in range.
Incantation: Ally is restored to its maximum HP and has 5 conditions removed.
Control Winds ­ Create extremely powerful weather conditions.
Tactician
The DC for Tactician spells is equal to 10 + ½ your level + your Intelligence modifier.
First Circle: Comprehend Languages ­ Creature understands all speech and most writing. Dimensional Swap ­ Exchange the positions of two allies. Ensnare ­ Cause area to become difficult terrain. Grease ­ Create an area of slippery terrain. Magic Missile ­ Fire one damaging bolt of force per spell circle. Obscuring Mist ­ A fog forms around you, rendering creatures [Concealed] within. Silent Image ­ Create a detailed visual illusion.
Second Circle: Glitterdust ­ Create a burst that leaves creatures within [Blinded]. Invisibility ­ Creature is rendered [Invisible] until it takes an offensive action. Fog Cloud ­ Create an area of fog that renders creatures within [Concealed].

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

259

See Invisibility ­ Creature gains the ability to see [Invisible] creatures. Status ­ Monitor the location and condition of allies. Resist Elements ­ Creature gains [Lesser resistance] to a specified energy type.
Reversal: Elemental Vulnerability ­ Creature gains [Vulnerability] to a specified energy type.
Darkvision ­ Creature gains [Darkvision]. Darkness ­ Create a globe of magical darkness.

Hold Monster ­ Creature is rendered [Paralyzed]. Incantation: Creature is rendered briefly [Paralyzed], then [Slowed].
Greater Invisibility ­ Creature is rendered [Invisible] even it takes offensive actions. Dimension Door ­ [Teleport] yourself and several allies a short distance. Blindsight ­ Creature gains [Blindsight]. Major Image ­ As silent image, but can create non-visual illusions as well.

Third Circle: Arcane Blade ­ Conjure a powerful, ethereal sword into your hand. Clairaudience/Clairvoyance ­ See or hear a distant location. Arcane Sight ­ Magical auras become visible. Dispel Magic ­ End one or two magical effects, dependant on circle. Prying Eyes ­ Create magical eyes to scout for you. Haste ­ Allies in an area gain a [Bonus attack] and have their movement speed increased. Slow ­ Opponents in an area are [Slowed]. Fly ­ Creature gains the ability to fly. Dimensional Anchor ­ Creature is rendered unable to use or benefit from [Teleport] effects.

Fifth Circle: Crush of Earth ­ Creatures in area are rendered [Prone] and lose the ability to fly.
Reversal: Reverse Gravity ­ Creatures and objects in area fall upward.
Wall of Force ­ Create a wall of invisible, impassible force. Acid Fog ­ As solid fog, but also corrodes creatures within. True Seeing ­ See through nearly all darkness, [Figments], and [Glamers].. Legend Lore ­ Divine information about a person, place, or thing. Teleport ­ [Teleport] yourself and several allies a great distance.

Fourth Circle: Solid Fog ­ As fog cloud, but also hinders movement within. Freedom of Movement ­ Creature gains [Immunity] to [Binding] effects. Wall of Thorns ­ Create a wall of nearly impassable, deadly thorns. Scrying ­ Spy on a creature or area from a great distance. Detect Scrying ­ Detect scrying sensors.

Sixth Circle: Greater Dispel Magic ­ As dispel magic, but ends higher circle effects. Find the Path ­ Divine the best path to a given objective. Greater Scrying ­ As scrying, but the creature is not allowed a save if you have their possessions or body parts. Greater Prying Eyes ­ Like prying eyes, but your scouts see through [Figments] and [Glamers].

260

Project Image ­ Create an illusion of yourself that mimics your actions. Vortex ­ Create whirlwind that damages and draws creatures within. Tactical Deployment ­ [Teleport] one or more allies a short distance each [Round] for an [Encounter].
Seventh Circle: Foresight ­ Creature gains increased defenses, which can be discharged to automatically roll a natural 20. Discern Location ­ Divine the exact location of a single creature or object. Prismatic Spray ­ Rays of energy harm opponents in various ways. Dimensional Lock ­ Create ward that blocks all teleportation and dimensional travel in an area. Spell Turning ­ Creature is warded to reflect several spells back at their caster.

Casting Time: The fourth line of every spell description displays the action or amount of time that is taken to cast the spell.
Range: The fourth line of every spell description displays the range from the caster within which the effect of the spell may take place.
Target: If the fifth line of a spell description displays "Target", the rest of the text in the line displays the applicable target(s) of the spell.
Effect: If the fifth line of a spell description displays "Effect," the rest of the text displays the effect the spell will create within the spell's range.
Duration: If a line in a spell description begins with "Duration", the rest of the text displays how long the spell's effect lasts. If a spell's description does not contain this line, its effect is instantaneous.

Spell Descriptions
The description of each spell is presented in a standard format. Each category of information is explained and defined below.
Name: The first line of every spell description gives the name by which the spell is generally known.
Classification (and Descriptors, if any): Beneath the spell name is a line displaying the spell's classification and any descriptors the spell may carry.
Circle: The third line of every spell description displays the circle of the spell as well as the spellcasting track to which it belongs.

Saving Throw: If a line in a spell description begins with "Saving Throw", the rest of the text displays "None" if no saving throw is allowed against this spell. It otherwise displays the type of save that may be made against the spell's effect, and what a successful save of that type means in relation to that effect.
»» Negates: The spell has no effect on a creature that makes a successful saving throw.
»» Partial: The spell causes an effect on its subject. A successful saving throw means that some lesser effect occurs.
»» Half: The spell deals damage, and a successful saving throw halves the damage taken.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

261

Descriptive Text: This portion of a spell description details what the spell does and how it works. If one of the previous entries in the description included "see text," this is where the explanation is found.
Reversal: A Reversal header in a spell's description provides the name of the reverse spell, and its descriptive text. Unless otherwise displayed, the reverse spell carries the same classification, descriptors, circle, casting time, range, target or effect, duration, and saving throw lines as the normal spell.
Incantation: An Incantation header in a spell's description provides the descriptive text of the spell when it is chosen for the Imbue Spell ability under the Incantation track. Unless otherwise stated, this version of the spell carries the same classification, descriptors, circle, range, target or effect, and duration as the normal version of the spell.
Acid Fog
Creation [Acid]
Circle: Tactician 5 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: 45 ft radius spread of caustic chemical fog Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will; see text
This spell functions like obscuring mist, except that the area of the spell's effect can be centered on a target square within range, effects that inflict damage with the [Fire] descriptor do not remove squares from its area of effect, a creature does not have line of effect to another creature if one or more squares of the fog exist between the

two creatures, and whenever a creature begins its turn inside the area of the spell's effect or the first time each [Round] that a creature enters the area of the spell's effect, acid fog deals 2 damage with the [Acid] descriptor per level you possess to that creature. Additionally, whenever a creature enters or exits a square in the spell's area of effect, it must stop moving. A successful Will save allows the creature to continue moving, but its movement speed is halved for that movement.
Adamant Skin
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
Your touch imbues an ally's skin with supernatural toughness. The target gains a shield granting [Resistance] to all damage. Whenever the target's [Resistance] or [Greater resistance] reduces the damage that creature takes, the amount of damage reduced, to a maximum of the target's level, is added to the shield's mitigation pool until the spell ends. Once the shield's mitigation pool accumulates an amount of damage equal to 6 times your level, the spell ends. If an amount of damage would be added to the mitigation pool that causes it to exceed 6 times your level damage, an amount of damage is added that causes the mitigation pool to have only 6 times your level damage instead, and the rest of the damage that would be added is instead dealt as if the target was not affected by this spell.

262

Arcane Blade
Creation [Arming], [Force]
Circle: Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 swift action Range: 0 ft Effect: Sword made of pure force Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will negates; see text
This spell creates a weapon of pure force on your person. When you cast this spell, choose three weapon properties other than [Barbed], [Elemental], and [Quick-draw]. You may draw the weapon immediately with no action cost. The weapon has the chosen weapon properties. Whenever a creature deals damage with an attack using this weapon, it deals additional damage equal to your level and all damage it deals with the attack gains the [Force] descriptor. The first time each [Round] that you hit an opponent with an attack made using this weapon, that opponent becomes [Shaken] for one [Round]. A successful Will save negates the [Shaken] condition.
If you are disarmed or put down the force weapon, the spell ends.
Arcane Sight
Divination
Circle: Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None

caused by spells and spell-like abilities) and items within [Medium] range that are within your line of sight. Whenever you attempt to identify located magical effects or items, you may do so for all located effects or items within [Medium] range instead of all located effects or items on a single creature or square.
Bless
Evocation
Circle: Shaman 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Effect: Spread with a radius of your [Close] range Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
You create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you, which grants allies in its area a +1 bonus to attack rolls and Will saves for the duration of the spell.
Incantation: The target of your Incantation gains a +1 bonus to attack rolls and Will saves. This bonus increases by 1 for every six levels you possess.
Reversal ­ Bane You create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you, which gives opponents in its area a -1 penalty to attack rolls and Will saves for the duration of the spell.

This spell grants magical insight, allowing you to automatically locate all magical effects (effects

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

263

Blindsight
Divination
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
The touched creature gains the ability to distinguish forms, shapes, and depth without using conventional vision. It gains [Blindsight] out to [Close] range.
Bloodwind
Evocation [Death]
Circle: Shaman 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: Wedge of necromantic energy with a length of your [Close] range Saving Throw: Fortitude half
Dark energy pours from your fingertips, shooting through your enemies. You create a wedge with a length of your [Close] range originating from you. For each opponent in the wedge, the GM notes the amount of [HP reduction] it currently possesses. Each opponent in the area then suffers an amount of [HP reduction] equal to 7 times your level. A successful Fortitude save halves the amount of [HP reduction].
If the total of the amount of [HP reduction] an opponent suffers from this spell plus the amount of [HP reduction] noted for that opponent for this spell exceeds half its maximum HP, you deal damage to that opponent equal to the amount by

which the total exceeds half that opponent's maximum HP, and that opponent becomes [Energy drained ].
Call Lightning
Evocation [Electricity]
Circle: Shaman 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: One lightning bolt per round Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Reflex, see text
This spell gives you the ability to call down lightning to strike your enemies. When you cast this spell, you can immediately call a lightning bolt to strike target opponent within [Long] range, dealing 2d4 energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor per level you possess to that opponent. A successful Reflex save halves the damage. Until the end of the [Encounter], as a standard action, you can repeat this effect. You may choose a new target each time you repeat the effect.
Incantation: Choose a weapon the target of your Incantation is wielding. Whenever the target creature deals damage with an attack using that weapon, it deals additional damage with the [Force] descriptor equal to 1d6 per circle you possess in the spellcasting track that grants this spell. Effects and abilities that increase the damage of spells have no effect on this additional damage. This is an [Arming] effect.

264

Clairaudience/Clairvoyance
Divination [Sensor]
Circle: Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: 10 miles/level Effect: Magical sensor Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None

Comprehend Languages
Divination
Circle: Tactician 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None

When you cast this spell, choose vision or hearing. clairaudience/clairvoyance creates a magical sensor in a square within range that is in a location with which you are personally familiar or which is very public and known to you -- your childhood home or a market square would be eligible locations, while a meeting room you have never seen before would not. You do not need line of sight or line of effect to the square. If you chose vision, you can see and determine line of sight as if you occupied the square in which you created the sensor and as if you possess [Darkvision] out to 10 ft from that square even if you don't actually possess [Darkvision]. If you chose hearing, you can hear as if you occupied the square in which you created the sensor.
The sensor has no game statistics and is intangible, but it can be seen by creatures that can see [Invisible] creatures as a result of a Divination effect (such as see invisibility), and can be seen if it is within line of sight of a magical sensor by the creature who created that magical sensor. It can also be detected by Divination effects that detect [Invisible] creatures.

You can understand the spoken words of creatures or read otherwise incomprehensible written messages. In either case, you must touch the creature or the writing. The ability to read does not necessarily impart insight into the material, merely its literal meaning. The spell enables you to understand or read an unknown language, not speak or write it.
Written material can be read at the rate of one page (250 words) per minute. This spell does not decipher codes or reveal messages concealed in otherwise normal text.
Control Winds
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 7 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: Windstorm affecting everything within [Medium] range of you Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Fortitude negates
You alter wind force in the area surrounding you. You can make the wind blow in a certain direction or manner, increase its strength, or decrease its strength. The new wind direction and strength persist until the spell ends or until you choose

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

265

new ones, which requires concentration. You may create an "eye" of calm air up to 80 ft in diameter at the center of the area if you so desire, and you may choose to limit the area to any cylindrical area less than your full limit.
You may choose one of four basic wind patterns to function over the spell's area:
»»A downdraft blows from the center outward in equal strength in all directions.
»»An updraft blows from the outer edges in toward the center in equal strength from all directions, veering upward before impinging on the eye in the center.
»»A rotation causes the winds to circle the center in clockwise or counterclockwise fashion.
»»A blast simply causes the winds to blow in one direction across the entire area from one side to the other.
You cause the wind conditions in the area of the spell's effect to become any one of the conditions on the list below. Each [Round], at the start of your turn, each creature in the area of the spell's effect must make a Fortitude save against the spell. On a failed save, that creature suffers the effects of the current wind condition and all wind conditions with lower miles per hour (mph).
»» Strong winds (21+ mph) make maintaining a solid footing or sailing difficult. The creature treats all squares as difficult terrain when moving in the direction against the wind.
»»A severe wind (31+ mph) tears tiles off rooftops and causes other minor destruction. The creature is [Checked] against the direction of the wind. If it is [Flying], it is pushed back 1d6 x 10 ft.
»»A windstorm (51+ mph) drives most airborne creatures from the skies, uproots small trees,

knocks down light wooden structures, tears off roofs, and endangers ships. The creature is [Blown away], and this spell deals 5d6 physical damage to it. »» Hurricane force winds (75+ mph) destroy wooden buildings, sometimes uproot even large trees, and cause most ships to founder. The creature is [Battered]. »»A tornado (175+ mph) breaks buildings and bones and often uproots large trees. This spell deals 5d6 additional physical damage to the creature.
Crush of Earth
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 5, Tactician 5 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: Dramatically increased gravity in a 45 ft radius Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Fortitude; see text
This spell dramatically increases the local gravity. You create a 45 ft radius spread originating from target square within the spell's range that lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
The first time each [Round] a creature is in one or more squares of the spread, it loses the [Flying] condition and the Fly movement mode, cannot gain the [Flying] condition as long as it remains within the area of the spell's effect, becomes [Checked] in all directions for 1 [Round], and becomes [Prone].
A successful Fortitude save causes the creature to be [Slowed] and have its movement speed halved for 1 [Round] instead.

266

Reversal ­ Reverse Gravity: Effect: Reversed gravity in a 45 ft radius Saving Throw: Reflex negates This spell reverses gravity, to hilarious consequences. You create a 45 ft radius spread originating from target square within the spell's range that lasts until the end of the [Encounter]. The first time each [Round] a creature that is not [Burrowing] is in one or more squares of the spread, it is rendered [Flying] and [Checked] in all directions for one [Round]. A successful Reflex save negates this effect. Additionally, a [Flying] creature may spend an immediate action to negate this effect, reorienting itself in mid-air. When this spell ends, objects in the spread fall, and creatures in the spread without the Fly movement mode that are [Flying] and [Checked] in all directions suffer a Hazardous Fall.
Cure Critical Wounds
Transmutation [Positive]
Circle: Shaman 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Creature within [Close] range Saving Throw: None

Reversal: Inflict Critical Wounds
Transmutation [Negative]
Saving Throw: Will half; see text
You deal 4d6 damage, plus 5 damage per level you possess, to the target. A successful Will save halves the damage. If this spell targets a creature that is healed by [Negative] effects, it functions as cure critical wounds instead, except it is not a [Positive] effect.
Cure Light Wounds
Transmutation [Positive]
Circle: Shaman 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Creature within [Close] range Saving Throw: None
You heal the target creature 2d4 HP, plus 2 HP per level, and remove up to one of the following conditions currently affecting the creature: [Bleeding], [Burning], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Fatigued], [Shaken], or [Sickened]. If this spell targets a creature that is damaged by [Positive] effects, it functions as inflict light wounds instead, except it is not a [Negative] effect.

You heal the target creature 4d4 HP, plus 5 HP per level, and remove up to two of the following conditions currently affecting the creature: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Exhausted], [Fatigued], [Frightened], [Nauseated], [Paralyzed], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], or [Stunned]. If this spell targets a creature that is normally damaged by [Positive] effects, it functions as inflict critical wounds instead, except it is not a [Negative] effect.

Reversal: Inflict Light Wounds
Transmutation [Negative]
Saving Throw: Will half; see text
You deal 2d6 damage, plus 2 damage per level you possess, to the target. A successful Will save halves the damage. If this spell targets a creature that is healed by [Negative] effects, it functions as cure light wounds instead, except it is not a [Positive] effect.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

267

Cure Moderate Wounds
Transmutation [Positive]
Circle: Shaman 2 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Creature within [Close] range Saving Throw: None
You heal the target creature 2d4 HP, plus 3 HP per level, and remove up to one of the following conditions currently affecting the creature: [Bleeding], [Burning], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Fatigued], [Frightened], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], or [Stunned]. If this spell targets a creature that is damaged by [Positive] effects, it functions as inflict moderate wounds instead, except it is not a [Negative] effect.
Reversal: Inflict Moderate Wounds
Transmutation [Negative]
Saving Throw: Will half; see text

You heal the target creature 3d4 HP, plus 4 HP per level, and remove up to two of the following conditions currently affecting the creature: [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Exhausted], [Fatigued], [Frightened], [Nauseated], [Paralyzed], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], or [Stunned]. If this spell targets a creature that is damaged by [Positive] effects, it functions as inflict serious wounds instead, except it is not a [Negative] effect.
Reversal: Inflict Serious Wounds
Transmutation [Negative]
Saving Throw: Will half; see text
You deal 3d6 damage, plus 4 damage per level you possess, to the target. A successful Will save halves the damage. If this spell targets a creature that is healed by [Negative] effects, it functions as cure serious wounds instead, except it is not a [Positive] effect.

You deal 2d6 damage, plus 3 damage per level you possess, to the target. A successful Will save halves the damage. If this spell targets a creature that is healed by [Negative] effects, it functions as cure moderate wounds instead, except it is not a [Positive] effect.
Cure Serious Wounds
Transmutation [Positive]
Circle: Shaman 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Creature within [Close] range Saving Throw: None

Darkness
Evocation [Darkness]
Circle: Tactician 2 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: 30 ft radius spread of magical darkness Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
This spell absorbs all light in the radius of its effect, creating an area of complete darkness.
Normal lights (torches, candles, lanterns, and so forth) are incapable of brightening the area, as are [Light] effects of equal or lower circle. Higher circle [Light] effects are not affected by this spell.

268

If darkness is cast on a small object that is then placed inside or under a lightproof covering, the spell's effect is blocked until the covering is removed.
Darkvision
Transmutation
Circle: Tactician 2 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: One creature Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
The target gains the [Darkvision] special vision mode.
Death Ward
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: One creature Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
The target gains [Immunity] to the [Energy drained] condition and effects with the [Death] descriptor.

Detect Scrying
Divination
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: Spread with a radius of your [Long] range originating from you Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
You immediately become aware of any attempt to observe you by means of a Divination spell or [Sensor] effect. In addition, you know the location of every magical sensor within the area of the spell's effect. The area of the spell's effect radiates from you, always remaining centered on you.
If the creature that created the magical sensor is within the area, you get a visual image of the creature that used the spell or ability that created it and also know that creature's location; otherwise, the creature who created the magical sensor must make a Will save. On a failed save, you get a visual image of the that creature and know its direction and distance from you.
Dimensional Anchor
Evocation [Binding]
Circle: Shaman 4, Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Target: One creature Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: Reflex negates

You weave magical bindings around the target creature. These bindings do not restrict the target creature's physical movement in any way, but that

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

269

creature cannot be affected by [Teleport] effects. A successful Reflex save negates this effect.
Dimensional Lock
Evocation [Binding]
Circle: Tactician 7 Casting Time: 1 standard action; see text Range: [Long] Effect: Spread of binding energy with a radius of your [Extreme] range Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
You create a spread with a radius of your [Extreme] range originating from you that lasts until the end of the [Encounter]. [Teleport] effects cannot be used in the spread, and any [Teleport] effect whose starting square or destination square is in the spread fails.
If you increase the casting time of this spell to 1 minute, its duration increases to [Scene].
Dimensional Swap
Creation [Teleport]
Circle: Tactician 1 Casting Action: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Target: Any two willing creatures Saving Throw: None
The spell's targets simultaneously [Teleport] into each other's squares. The destination squares may be occupied, but only by another target of this spell, and only if both targets leave their squaress as part of the spell.

Dimension Door
Creation [Teleport] [Warp]
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Target: You, plus 1 willing creature per 3 levels within [Melee] range
You instantly transfer yourself and up to one willing creature within [Melee] range for every 3 levels you possess from your current locations to a group of separate destination squares within range that are all within your [Melee] range of one another. You always arrive at exactly the spot desired--whether by simply visualizing the area or by stating direction and distance. If those squares are already occupied by a solid body, you and each creature traveling with you appear in the closest unoccupied squares within your [Melee] range of each other instead
Discern Location
Divination
Circle: Tactician 7 Casting Time: 10 minutes Range: Unlimited Target: One creature or object Saving Throw: None
This spell reveals the exact location of the target creature or object, including the names of all of the following applicable area divisions or any similar applicable divisions: building name, business name, community, county, country, and continent. You do not need line of sight or line of effect to the target, but you must have seen any target creature or have an object which belonged to it, or

270

have touched any target object or extensively examined it visually. Discern location can find and locate any creature, even a creature that cannot normally be found or located.
To find a creature with the spell, you must have seen the creature or have some item that once belonged to it. To find an object, you must have touched it at least once.
Dispel Magic
Evocation [Dispelling]
Circle: Shaman 3, Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Target: Magical effect or effects within range Saving Throw: None
Choose one of the following: this spell ends two target effects created by spells or spell-like abilities of second circle or lower that have durations and that originate from a creature or square within range or targeted a creature within range; or this spell ends a single target effect created by a spell or spell-like ability of fifth circle or lower that has a duration and that originates from a creature or square within range or targeted a creature within range.

Dispel Magic, Greater
Evocation [Dispelling]
Circle: Shaman 6, Tactician 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Target: Magical effect or effects within range Saving Throw: None
Choose one of the following: this spell ends two target effects created by spells or spell-like abilities of fifth circle or lower that have durations and that originate from a creature or square within range or targeted a creature within range; or this spell ends one target effect created by a spell or spell-like ability of seventh circle or lower that has a duration and that originates from a creature or square within range or targeted a creature within range.
Endure Elements
Transmutation [Ward]
Circle: Shaman 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: One creature Duration: [Scene]
The target creature gains [Immunity] to the effects of non-magical weather conditions, as well as to all extreme environmental temperatures, including magical ones. This does not grant [Immunity] to [Fire] or [Cold] effects. In addition, the target creature gains a +5 bonus to saves against other environmental effects and hazards, and if it would suffer damage or [HP reduction] as a result of an environmental effect, that damage or [HP reduction] is reduced by 5.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

271

Ensnare
Transmutation [Binding]
Circle: Tactician 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: 40 ft radius of difficult terrain Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None You call up entropic forces, causing plants to grasp at creatures' feet, pavement to become inexplicably slippery, rocks to catch shins and ankles, and so forth. Squares in the area of the spell's effect become difficult terrain, and creatures in the area of the spell's effect cannot activate the Charge combat maneuver.
Find the Path
Divination
Circle: Tactician 6 Casting Time: 1 minute Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
The target creature is automatically aware of the shortest route it can take from its space to a location you specify, as well as any traps or hazards along that route and physical actions the target creature needs to take to avoid such traps or overcome simple obstacles. This may even include awareness that a sealed door to long-abandoned mines requires a secret word to open and what that word is. If the specified location does not exist, this spell fails, having no effect. The spell automatically ends when the target creature reaches the specified location.

Firestorm
Evocation [Fire]
Circle: Shaman 7 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: One column of fire per 4 levels Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Reflex and Fortitude; see text This spell creates one 40 ft radius column of flame per 4 levels, which may overlap with one another, inflicting 2d6 energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor per level you possess to each creature inside one or more of these flame columns. A successful Reflex save halves this damage.
Additionally, until the end of the [Encounter], whenever a creature ends its turn within 20 ft of one of these columns, including inside one or more of these columns, this spell deals 2d6 energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor per level you possess to that creature. A successful Fortitude save halves this damage if the creature is not inside one or more of these flame columns.
Fist of the Earth
Transmutation [Arming]
Circle: Shaman 5 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Each ally Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: Fortitude; see text
When you cast this spell, tiny bits of gravel cover the hands, arms and weapons of your allies. Whenever a target ally would deal damage with an attack, it deals additional damage equal to half your level. Additionally, for each affected ally, the

272

first time each [Round] that ally hits with an attack, if it is the first time that [Round] the target has been hit by an affected ally, the target of that attack is [Slowed] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Slowed] condition.
Flame Blade
Evocation [Arming], [Fire]
Circle: Shaman 2 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: One ally's weapon Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None

Flame Strike
Evocation [Fire]
Circle: Shaman 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: 40 ft radius spread of flame Saving Throw: Reflex half
You can summon fire that roars down from the sky. You create a 40 ft radius spread originating from target square within range, which deals energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor equal to 2d6 per character level you possess to each creature in its area. A successful Reflex save halves the damage.

When you cast this spell, the target weapon burns with an aura of flame. The weapon gains the [Elemental] property, dealing all damage (including additional damage) as energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor. If the weapon already possesses the [Elemental] property, this spell changes the damage it deals to energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor until the end of the [Scene].
Additionally, whenever a creature deals damage with an attack made using that weapon, it deals additional damage equal to half your level. Special: When you learn this spell, you may replace all above instances of [Fire] in this spell with [Electricity], [Cold] or [Acid]. If you do, it gains that descriptor and loses the [Fire] descriptor. You may learn this spell multiple times.

Fly
Transmutation
Circle: Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
The target gains the Fly movement mode, if it does not already possess it.
Fog Cloud
Creation
Circle: Tactician 2 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: 30 ft radius spread of dense fog Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None

A bank of fog billows out from the point you

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

273

designate. This spell functions like obscuring mist, except the spread originates from target square within range, and effects that inflict damage with the [Fire] descriptor do not remove squares from its area of effect. A moderate wind (11+ mph) disperses the fog in 4 [Rounds]; a strong wind (21+ mph) disperses it in 1 [Round].
Foresight
Divination
Circle: Tactician 7 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: One creature Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None The target gains a powerful sixth sense, granting instantaneous warnings of impending danger or harm. The target is never surprised or [Flatfooted] and receives a +5 bonus to Armor Class and all saving throws. Additionally, as an immediate action, the target may make a single d20 roll count as a natural 20 (decided before making the roll). Doing so ends this spell.
Freedom of Movement
Transmutation
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Any creature Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
The target creature gains [Immunity] to [Binding] effects, including any currently active on the creature.

Glitterdust
Creation [Light]
Circle: Tactician 2 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: 15 ft radius spread of blinding particles Duration: 3 [Rounds]/[Encounter]; see text Saving Throw: Will partial; see text
You create a 15 ft radius spread originating from target square within range. Bright particles cling to all creatures in the spread, who are [Blinded] for 3 [Rounds]. A successful Will save negates the [Blinded] condition. As a move action, a creature who is [Blinded] by this spell can wipe the particles from its eyes, allowing it to ignore the [Blinded] condition from this spell for 1 [Round].
Until the end of the [Encounter], each creature in the area of the spell's effect is [Revealed], ceases to be [Invisible] and cannot become [Invisible], and suffers a -2 penalty to Stealth checks, as the bright particles cling to it.
Grease
Creation [Ground]
Circle: Tactician 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: 15 ft radius spread of slippery grease originating from target square Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Reflex partial; see text
You create a pool of slippery grease on any horizontal surface within range. When you cast the spell, and at the beginning of your turn each [Round] until the end of the [Encounter], each

274

creature in the area of the spell's effect immediately falls [Prone]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Prone] condition. Creatures within the area of the spell's effect have their movement speeds halved as long as they remain in the area.
For each creature, the first time each [Round] it attempts to exit a square in the area of the spell's effect, it must make an Acrobatics check (DC 10). On a failed check, it falls [Prone] and cannot move that [Round]. A successful Reflex save negates the [Prone] condition.

Haste
Transmutation
Circle: Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: All allies within [Close] range Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
Each ally within [Close] range gains a 10 ft bonus to its movement speed, a +1 bonus to AC, and one [Bonus attack].

Hallow
Evocation
Circle: Shaman 6 Casting Time: 10 minutes Range: [Long] Effect: Spread of magical energy Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None

Heal
Transmutation [Positive]
Circle: Shaman 5 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Creature within [Close] range Saving Throw: None

You summon a field of magical energy that boosts the abilities of allies and reduces the abilities of your enemies. You create a spread with a radius of your [Longe] range originating from target square within [Long] range. Each ally is treated as being 1 level higher for level-dependent numerical effects (such as saving throw DCs and damage done by abilities) while in the spread, and each opponent is treated as being 1 level lower for the same effects while in the spread.

You heal the target creature 5d4 HP, plus 6 HP per character level you possess, and remove up to 3 of the following conditions currently affecting the creature: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Energy drained], [Exhausted], [Fatigued ], [Frightened ], [Nauseated ], [Paralyzed], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], or [Stunned]. If this spell targets a creature that is damaged by [Positive] effects, it functions as harm instead, except it is not a [Negative] effect.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

275

Reversal: Harm
Transmutation [Negative]
Saving Throw: Will half; see text

effects is affected as though you had cast harm on it. This is a [Death] effect when used to damage at least one opponent.

You deal 7 damage per level you possess to the target as a [Death] effect. A successful Will save halves the damage. If this spell targets a creature that is healed by [Negative] effects, it functions as heal instead, except it is not a [Positive] effect.
Heal, Mass
Transmutation [Positive]
Circle: Shaman 7 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: All allies within [Close] range Saving Throw: None Each ally within [Close] range that is healed by [Positive] effects and each opponent within [Close] range that is damaged by [Positive] effects is affected as though you had cast heal on it. Incantation: You heal the target of your Incantation to its maximum HP and remove up to 5 of the following conditions currently affecting the target: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Exhausted], [Fatigued], [Frightened], [Nauseated], [Paralyzed], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], or [Stunned]. This is not a [Positive] effect.
Reversal: Mass Harm
Transmutation [Negative]
Target: All enemies within [Close] range Saving Throw: Will half; see text
Each opponent within [Close] range and each ally within [Close] range that is healed by [Negative]

Heart of Oak
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Allies within [Close] range Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
Each ally within [Close] range is imbued with the toughness of an oak tree and gains [Lesser resistance] to all damage and [Immunity] to [Dazed] and [Stunned].
Hold Monster
Evocation [Binding]
Circle: Shaman 4, Tactician 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Single creature Duration: See text Saving Throw: Will negates; see text
You encase the target creature in bonds of magical energy that make it [Paralyzed] until the end of the [Encounter]. A successful Will save negates the [Paralyzed] condition. Whenever the target creature would makes a Fortitude save for the [Paralyzed] condition from this spell, it makes a Will save instead. Incantation: The target of your Incantation is [Paralyzed] until the beginning of its next turn and [Slowed] for 3 [Rounds].

276

Holy Smite
Evocation
Circle: Shaman 3 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: 30 ft radius burst of crushing energy Saving Throw: Fortitude; see text

Legend Lore
Divination
Circle: Tactician 5 Casting Time: 1 hour Range: Unlimited Target: You Saving Throw: None

This spell deals 1d10 damage per level to each creature in the radius of its effect. A successful Fortitude save halves the damage. Incantation: The target of your Incantation takes 1d6 damage per level you possess.
Invisibility
Evocation [Glamer]
Circle: Tactician 2 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene]; see text Saving Throw: None
The touched creature becomes [Invisible]. If the creature performs an offensive action or casts a spell, this effect ends.
Invisibility, Greater
Evocation [Glamer]
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
The touched creature becomes [Invisible].

This spell brings to your mind legends about an important person, place, or thing. The information is "true," but may be imprecise and subject to interpretation. These may be legends that are still current, legends that have been forgotten, or even information that has never been generally known. If the person, place, or thing is legendary, you gain no information. Generally, characters who are 11th level and higher are "legendary," as are the sorts of creatures they deal with, the magic items they wield, and the places where they perform their key deeds. Creatures with the [Legendary] subtype qualify as "legendary," regardless of their level.
Lightning Storm
Evocation [Electricity]
Circle: Shaman 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: Many lightning bolts per round Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Reflex, see text
Lightning bolts strike each opponent within [Long] range, dealing 2d4+1 energy damage with the [Electricity] descriptor per level you possess. A successful Reflex save halves the damage. Until the end of the [Encounter], as a standard action, you may repeat this effect.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

277

Magic Missile
Evocation [Force]
Circle: Tactician 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: One or more magic missiles Duration: See text Saving Throw: None

Miracle
Evocation
Circle: Shaman 7 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: See text Target/Effect: See text Duration: See text Saving Throw: See text

You fire a number of missiles equal to the number of circles you possess in the track that has this spell on its spell list or grants it as a spell-like ability (up to 7 total missiles). You fire each missile at a target creature within [Medium] range. These missiles may be fired at the same creature or different creatures. Each missile deals Each missile deals magic damage with the [Force] descriptor equal to your Key Offensive Modifier (minimum 3) and causes the creature hit to be [Revealed] for one [Round]. Abilities or effects that would increase this spell's damage apply only to a single missile of your choice. [Resistance] and similar effects cannot reduce the damage from magic missile to a creature to below 3 damage per missile fired at that creature.
Major Image
Evocation [Figment]
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting time: 1 standard action
This spell functions like silent image, except that sound, smell, and thermal illusions are included in the spell's effect, and creatures with [Ghostwise sight] [Immunity] to it. A creature with [Tremorsense] must image the area before it gains [Immunity] to the spell. Additionally, you may replace the image as a swift action instead of a move action.

A miracle is among the most powerful effects that you can produce. It can accomplish any one of the following tasks:
»» Resurrection: You revive a [Dead] or [Uncon scious] creature within [Close] range, healing it to its maximum HP and negating the [Dead] and [Unconscious] conditions.
»» Anyspell: You can duplicate any spell on the shaman spell list of the 6th circle or lower, or any spell on the tactician spell list of the 5th circle or lower. The spell is adjudicated exactly as if you had cast that spell, and if it has a casting time greater than 1 standard action you must use the greater casting time.
»» Spell Disjunction: You immediately end up to three target effects created by spells or spell-like abilities whose durations are not instantaneous and which are centered on a creature or square within range or which targeted a creature within range. This is a [Dispelling] effect.
»» Word of Recall: You and all other willing allies within [Long] range are immediately transferred to an area you consider safe, which can be at any range. This is a [Teleport] [Warp] effect.

278

Nature's Power
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 2 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: Creature within range Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None

sight] treats non-adjacent creatures in the spell's area of effect as [Concealed].
A moderate wind (11+ mph), disperses the fog after four consecutive [Rounds]. A strong wind (21+ mph) disperses the fog in 1 [Round]. Effects that inflict damage with the [Fire] descriptor burn away mist in their area of effect, removing those squares from this spell's area of effect.

The target creature gains a +2 bonus to attack rolls, damage, and the save DCs of its spells, spell-like abilities and supernatural abilities.
Obscuring Mist
Creation
Circle: Shaman 1, Tactician 1 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: 0 ft Effect: 25 ft radius spread originating from you Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
A misty vapor arises around you. It is stationary once created. A creature without [Blindsight] cannot establish line of sight through more than 5 ft of the spell's area of effect. Additionally, a creature in the spell's area of effect without [Tremorsense] or [Ghostwise sight] treats adjacent creatures as [Concealed] and non-adjacent creatures as [Fully concealed]; and a creature without [Tremorsense] or [Ghostwise sight] treats adjacent creatures in the spell's area of effect as [Concealed] and non-adjacent creatures in the spell's area of effect as [Fully concealed]. A creature in the spell's area of effect with [Tremorsense] or [Ghostwise sight] treats non-adjacent creatures as [Concealed]; and a creature with [Tremorsense] or [Ghostwise

Prismatic Spray
Evocation [Light]
Circle: Tactician 7 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: 7 rays, each with random effects Duration: See text Saving Throw: See text

Creatures within [Close] range are [Blinded] for one [Round]. For each opponent within [Close] range, roll 1d8 and consult the table below to determine the spell's effects on that opponent.

Roll

Effect

1

3 points of energy damage with the [Fire] de-

scriptor per level, Reflex half

2 4 points of energy damage with the [Acid] descriptor damage per level, Reflex half

3

5 points of energy damage with the [Electricity]

descriptor damage per level, Reflex half

4 Poison ­ 6 points of damage per level and target is [Battered], Fort half

5 Petrification ­ target is [Petrified], Fort negates petrification but target is [Slowed] for the [Encounter]

6

Insanity ­ target is [Confused] until healed,

Will negates

7 Distorted ­ target is [Battered] for 3 [Rounds] and takes damage equal to twice your CL

8 Roll twice and apply both, ignoring all results of 8

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

279

Project Image
Evocation [Figment]
Circle: Tactician 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: One shadow duplicate Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will (see text)
This spell creates an illusionary image of you. The image appears, sounds, and smells real to and blocks the line of sight of all creatures except you, creatures whose Awareness surpass your Believability check result, and creatures who make a successful Will save against this spell. Its sound, smell, and appearance, including posture, mimic your own and change accordingly if yours change, except when you spend an action to move, you may choose for it not to mimic your appearance during that action. The image has an AC equal to your AC.
Upon casting this spell, you make a Believability check (1d20 + your level + your Intelligence modifier). The caster, creatures whose Awareness surpass your Believability check result, and creatures who make a successful Will save against this spell know immediately when perceiving the image that it is an illusion, seeing only a shadowy outline that does not meaningfully obstruct their senses instead. [Blinded] creature have [Immunity] to this spell and do not perceive this spell at all. Once per [Round], as a swift or immediate action, or as part of a move action, a creature that recognizes the image is likely an illusion may make a Will save to disbelieve it. Whenever a creature with line of sight to the image is dealt damage or forced to make a

saving throw by an effect to which its line of sight is blocked by the image, or whenever it hits the image with an attack, it recognizes the image is likely an illusion. The GM may also rule that other sensory cues or movement causes a creature to recognize that an image is likely an illusion.
You can hear and establish line of sight as though you occupied any square the image occupies. You may cast any spell with a range other than "you" as though you occupied any square the image occupies. If you do, the image provokes attacks of opportunity as though it cast that spell. You do not provoke attacks of opportunity for casting a spell this way. As a free action, you may cause the image to instantly disappear and reappear in another space within the spell's range without it physically passing through the intervening squares.
If you do not have line of effect to the image, or when you activate a [Teleport] effect, this spell ends.
Prying Eyes
Divination [Sensor]
Circle: Tactician 3 Casting Time: 1 minute Range: 1 mile Effect: Levitating eyes Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
You create a number of visible magical orbs called eyes equal to 1d4 plus your character level each within a target square within this spell's range. You can establish line of sight from each square one or more of these eyes occupy. Once per [Round], as a free action, you may move each eye up to 30 ft as though it were [Flying] and had the

280

Fly movement mode, though obstacles may block its movement as though it were a creature. As a standard action, a creature may destroy one of these eyes within its [Close] range.
Prying Eyes, Greater
Divination [Sensor]
Circle: Tactician 6
This spell functions as prying eyes, except you gain the effects of true seeing, as the spell, while establishing line of sight from a square one or more eyes occupy.
Regenerative Aura
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 4 Casting time: 1 standard action Effect: Aura of healing energy Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
An aura of healing energy surrounds you and knits wounds back together. You create a spread with a radius of your [Medium] range originating from you, which moves with you and lasts until the end of the [Scene]. Allies within the spread gain [Fast healing] equal to your Wisdom modifier as long as they remain within the spread.

Repelling Ward
Evocation [Ward]
Circle: Shaman 3 Casting time: 1 standard action Effect: Aura of protective energy Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will and Fortitude negates; see text
You create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you, which moves with you and lasts until the end of the [Encounter]. Whenever an opponent outside the spread attempts to enter the spread, it is unable to enter. A successful Will save negates this effect and allows the opponent to enter the spread as normal for the rest of the [Encounter]. For each opponent, the first time each [Encounter] that opponent chooses to enter a square within the spread, it becomes [Nauseated] for one [Round]. A successful Fortitude save negates the [Nauseated] condition.
Resist Elements
Transmutation [Ward]
Circle: Shaman 2, Tactician 2 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: One creature Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None

Choose a type of elemental energy ([Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire]). The touched creature gains [Lesser resistance] to that energy type.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

281

Reversal: Elemental Vulnerability
Transmutation
Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Fortitude negates
Choose a type of elemental energy ([Acid], [Cold], [Electricity], or [Fire]). Your target gains [Vulnerability] to that energy type.
Restoration, Lesser
Evocation
Circle: Shaman 2 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Saving Throw: None
This spell removes up to two of the following conditions currently affecting the target: [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Energy drained], [Exhausted], [Fatigued], [Frightened], [Nauseated], [Paralyzed], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], [Stunned].
Restoration
Evocation
Circle: Shaman 4 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Saving Throw: None
This spell removes up to four of the following conditions currently affecting the target: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Energy drained], [Exhausted], [Fatigued], [Frightened],

[Nauseated], [Paralyzed], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], [Stunned].
Restoration, Greater
Evocation
Circle: Shaman 6 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Saving Throw: None
This spell removes up to six of the following conditions currently affecting the target: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Energy drained], [Exhausted], [Fatigued], [Frightened], [Nauseated], [Paralyzed], [Petrified], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], [Stunned].
Ring of Blades
Creation [Force]
Circle: Shaman 5 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: Line of force blades; or see text Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Reflex half or negates, see text
You create a wall of whirling blades of force. When you cast this spell, choose either line or spreads. If you choose line, you create a line 5 ft long per level you possess and 5 ft wide originating from target square within range that lasts until the end of the [Encounter]. If you choose spreads, you create a spread with a radius of 10 ft per 5 character levels you possess originating from target square within range that lasts until the end of the [Encounter],

282

then remove all squares from the spell's area of effect within another spread with a radius of 10 ft per 5 character levels you possess minus 5 ft originating from the same square that lasts until the end of the [Encounter].
For each creature, the first time each [Round] that creature enters or exits a square in the spell's area of effect, ring of blades deals 1d8 physical damage to that creature per character level you possess. A successful Reflex save halves this damage.
When you cast this spell, a successful Reflex save allows a creature within its area of effect to gain [Immunity] to damage from this spell until end of turn and move 5 ft.
Sanctuary
Evocation [Ward]
Circle: Shaman 1 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will negates
The target creature becomes warded. If a creature would target the warded creature with an offensive action, that action is not taken. A successful Will save negates this effect; a failed Will save means the creature cannot target the warded creature with any offensive action for one [Round]. If the warded creature takes an offensive action, it is no longer warded. This spell and its effects are not considered offensive actions.

Scrying
Divination [Sensor]
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting time: 1 minute Range: See text Effect: Magical sensor Duration: 10 minutes Saving Throw: Will negates

You have line of sight to the target creature and each square within 10 ft of that creature and can hear noise within that creature's space and each of those squares as if you occupied the target creature's space. A successful Will save negates this effect.
The difficulty of the save depends on how well you know the subject and what sort of physical connection (if any) you have to that creature. The types of knowledge and connections, and their respective bonuses or penalties to that creature's Will save against this spell, are listed in the table below.
If the save succeeds, you can't attempt to scry on that subject again for at least 24 hours.
You must have some form of connection to the target if you have no knowledge of it.

Knowledge None
Secondhand (heard of the subject) Firsthand (met the subject)
Familiar (know the subject well)

Will Save Modifier +5 +2 +0 -2

Connection Picture or likeness Garment or possession Body part (hair, blood, etc.)

Will Save Modifier -1 -2 -5

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

283

Scrying, Greater
Divination [Sensor]
Circle: Tactician 6 Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: Will negates; see text
This spell functions like scrying, except that if you have a possession or body part of the target, greater scrying allows no saving throw.

Silent Image
Evocation [Figment]
Circle: Tactician 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: Long Effect: Visual figment that cannot extend beyond four 10-ft cubes + one 10-ft cube/level (S) Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will (see text)

Searing Light
Evocation [Light]
Circle: Shaman 3 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: Ray of intense light Saving Throw: None
You fire an intense beam of light at a target. You make a single ranged attack. If it hits, it deals 1d10 damage per level you possess, plus your Key Offensive Modifier. If the target creature has the [Undead] type, this spell deals 2d6 damage per level you possess plus your Key Offensive Modifier, instead.
See Invisibility
Divination
Circle: Tactician 2 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
The target of the spell is able to see [Invisible] creatures, so long as it is not also [Blinded].

This spell creates a static, illusionary image of objects, creatures, or forces, as visualized by the caster. As a move action, you may replace the image with a different such image.
The image appears real to and blocks the line of sight of all creatures except you, creatures whose Awareness surpass your Believability check result, and creatures who make a successful Will save against this spell.
Upon casting this spell, you make a Believability check (1d20 + your level + your Intelligence modifier). The caster, creatures whose Awareness surpass your Believability check result, and creatures who make a successful Will save against this spell know immediately when perceiving the image that it is an illusion, seeing only a shadowy outline that does not meaningfully obstruct their senses instead. [Blinded] creature and creatures with [Blindsight], [Ghostwise sight] and/or [Tremorsense] have [Immunity] to this spell. Additionally, [Blinded] creatures do not perceive this spell at all. Once per [Round], as a swift or immediate action, or as part of a move action, a creature that recognizes the image is likely an illusion may make a Will save to disbelieve it.
Whenever a creature with line of sight to the image is dealt damage or forced to make a saving

284

throw by an effect to which its line of sight is blocked by the image, it recognizes the image is likely an illusion.
Slow
Transmutation [Binding]
Circle: Tactician 3 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: 30 ft radius spread of binding energy Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will (see text)
You create a 30 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Close] range, inflicting the [Slowed] condition on each opponent within the spread. A successful Will save reduces the duration to 1 [Round].
Solid Fog
Creation [Binding]
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Effect: 40 ft radius spread of dense and physically hindering fog Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: Will; see text
This spell functions like obscuring mist, except the spread originates from target square within range, effects that inflict damage with the [Fire] descriptor do not remove squares from its area of effect, and a creature does not have line of effect to another creature if one or more squares of the fog exist between the two creatures. Additionally, whenever a creature enters or exits a square in the

spell's area of effect, it must stop moving. A successful Will save allows the creature to continue moving, but its movement speed is halved for that movement.
Spell Turning
Evocation [Ward]
Circle: Tactician 7 Casting time: 1 standard action; see text Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: See text
This spell creates an ablative shield around the target creature. While the target creature has this shield around it, whenever a spell would target it, that spell targets the creature that cast it instead, and the shield gains a turning counter. When the shield has four or more turning counters on it, it collapses, ending this spell. A spell affected by more than one spell turning spell instantly fails, having no effect. Effects that do not target, such as slow, are unaffected by this spell.
Status
Divination
Circle: Shaman 2, Tactician 2 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Close], see text Target: All allies within [Close] range Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
When you need to keep track of comrades who may get separated, status allows you to mentally monitor their relative positions and general

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

285

condition. You are aware of the direction and distance to each target. Additionally, for each target, you are aware of what conditions it has and whether or not it is at its maximum HP. (Once the spell has been cast, the distance between you and the targets does not affect the spell.)
Stoneskin
Transmutation [Ward]
Circle: Shaman 4 Casting time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
Your touch imbues an ally's skin with supernatural toughness. The target gains a shield granting [Lesser resistance] to all damage. Whenever the target's [Lesser resistance], [Resistance] or [Greater resistance] reduces the damage that creature takes, the amount of damage reduced, to a maximum of half the target's level, is added to the shield's mitigation pool until the spell ends. Once the shield's mitigation pool accumulates an amount of damage equal to 4 times your level, the spell ends. If an amount of damage would be added to the mitigation pool that causes it to exceed 4 times your level damage, an amount of damage is added that causes the mitigation pool to have only 4 times your level damage instead, and the rest of the damage that would be added is instead dealt as if the target was not affected by this spell.

Sunburst
Evocation [Light]
Circle: Shaman 5 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Medium] Effect: 50 ft radius burst of intense light Duration: See text Saving Throw: Reflex half; see text
You create a 50 ft radius spread originating from target square within range, which blinds and burns creatures, dealing 2d6 damage per character level you possess to each creature in the area, and inflicting the [Blinded] condition until the end of the [Encounter] on each of those creatures. A successful Reflex save halves the damage and causes the creature to become [Dazzled] instead of [Blinded] until the end of the [Encounter].
Tactical Deployment
Creation [Teleport] [Warp]
Circle: Tactician 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: Teleportation field out to your [Close] range Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
When you cast this spell, you gain the ability to transport allies across the battlefield to tactically advantageous positions. You may immediately relocate a single willing creature within [Close] range from its current location to another destination square of your choice within range of the spell. That creature always arrives at exactly the spot desired ­ whether by you simply visualizing the area or by stating direction and distance. If

286

the destination square is already occupied by a solid body, the creature appear in the nearest unoccupied square instead.
Once per [Round], as a move action, you may repeat this effect on any willing creature within [Close] range.
Teleport
Creation [Teleport] [Warp]
Circle: Tactician 5 Casting Time: 1 minute Range: [Melee] Target: You, and up to one additional ally per 3 levels Saving Throw: None
This spell instantly transports all targets to a destination of your choice within 100 miles per level you possess. The destination must be a place where you have been very often and feel at home, a place you can currently see, or a place you have studied for at least one hour through other means, such as scrying.
True Seeing
Divination
Circle: Tactician 5 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Melee] Target: Creature touched Duration: [Encounter] Saving Throw: None
While under the effects of true seeing, you have [Darkvision] and can also ignore the effects of magical darkness generated by effects of 5th circle or higher. Additionally, you may ignore effects with the [Figment] and [Glamer] descriptions

for the purposes of vision, and are automatically aware whether anything you see is the result of a [Figment] or [Glamer] effect. (This does not tell you which type of effect it is, or any other information about the effect.)
Effects from the sixth or seventh circles are not automatically defeated; you must make a Will save (DC 10 + ½ the level of the effect's creator + the highest mental ability modifier of the effect's creator) to see through these effects.
Vortex
Transmutation
Circle: Tactician 6 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Long] Effect: 60 ft radius spread of wind originating from target square Duration: [Encounter] or until it dissipates; see text Saving Throw: Reflex; see text
You form a powerful cyclone. You create a 60 ft radius spread originating from target square, which lasts until the end of the [Encounter]. The first time each [Round] a creature is in one or more squares of the spread, that creature is dealt 10d6 physical damage. If the creature is [Large] or smaller, it is [Checked] in all directions for one [Round]. A successful Reflex save halves the damage and negates the [Checked] condition.
As a free action, you may slam down creatures [Checked] by this spell within the spread, removing the [Checked] condition from each of those creatures and dealing 5d6 physical damage to each of those creatures. As a standard action, you may move the spread and each creature [Checked] by this spell within the spread the same distance up

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

287

to 60 ft and in the same direction or directions within the spell's range.
Wall of Force
Evocation [Force]
Circle: Tactician 5 Casting Time: 1 standard action; see text Range: [Close] Effect: Transparent wall with an area of up to 10 square ft per level Duration: [Encounter]; see text Saving Throw: Will; see text
You create a line 10 ft long per character level you possess and 10 ft wide originating from target square within range that lasts until the end of the [Encounter] and can only be seen by creatures that can see [Invisible] creatures or by a creature who created a magical sensor if the line is within line of sight of that magical sensor. The line can be detected by effects that detect [Invisible] creatures. A creature does not have line of effect to another creature if one or more squares of the wall exist between the two creatures.
Additionally, whenever a creature enters or exits a square in the spell's area of effect, it must stop moving. A successful Will save allows the creature to continue moving, but its movement speed is halved for that movement. This spell can only be ended by a [Dispelling] effect of 6th circle or higher.
By increasing the casting time to a minute, you can increase the duration of the wall of force to [Scene].

Wall of Thorns
Creation
Circle: Tactician 4 Casting Time: 1 standard action; see text Range: [Close] Effect: Wall of thorny brush, 10 ft thick and tall and up to 10 ft wide per level. Duration: [Encounter]; see text Saving Throw: None
You create a line 10 ft long per level you possess and 10 ft wide originating from target square within range that lasts until the end of the [Encounter] and blocks line of sight. For each creature, the first time each [Round] that creature enters or exits a square in the line, Wall of Thorns deals physical damage to that creature equal to three times your character level. As a standard action, a creature may remove one square within its [Melee] range from the area of this spell's effect.
Wind Walk
Transmutation
Circle: Shaman 4 Casting Time: 1 minute Range: [Melee] Target: You, and up to one additional ally per 3 levels Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
You alter the substance of your body to a cloudlike vapor and move through the air at great speed. For the duration of this spell, by taking no actions for five [Rounds], each target can enter or exit cloud form. While in cloud form, a creature gains the Fly movement mode, the Soar movement mode, a

288

movement speed of 600 ft, has [Resistance] to all damage, is [Invisible], can only communicate with other target creatures of this spell in cloud form, which it does telepathically, can take no other actions besides move actions to move, and it entering or exiting squares does not cause abilities or effects it possesses to trigger. It takes five minutes of effort for you to ascend or descend while using the Soar movement mode as granted by this spell. As a swift action, you may end this spell.
World-Mind
Divination
Circle: Shaman 1 Casting Time: 1 standard action Range: [Close] Target: All allies within [Close] range Duration: [Scene] Saving Throw: None
You and your targets can communicate telepathically with each other across any distance for the duration of the spell.

Chapter XII: Magic and Spellcasting

289

CHAPTER
XIII Equipment
There are certain categories of gear that any adventurer worth the designation is always on the lookout for ­ new magic swords, staves, or armors that will help them fight enemies more effectively, and flasks of various potions, oils, or miscellaneous unguents that provide a temporary magical boost in a pinch. Yet others scorn this reliance on material possessions, and choose to focus on personal power instead, sometimes coupled with a trusty set of mundane equipment, and other times sticking to their fists. This chapter provides resources for both kinds of characters.
Items and Characters
The presence or absence of a "magic item economy" can be a divisive choice with regards to a game's playstyle. In some games, treasure is behind every corner and can be bought in every marketplace. At the other end of the spectrum, characters may have to work for every MacGuffin and mystic bauble they use. To avoid this conflict, Legend eschews a concrete "economy" of items. Characters are entitled to a progression of magic items of increasing quantity and power over the course of their career, but can also choose to give up this progression for Full Buy-In: a much slower item progression coupled with a fourth ability track.
290

These two options, illustrated on table 13-1 and table 13-2 respectively, make various points on the spectrum of item management not only functional and equivalent but also fun and balanced. By choosing between a stronger item progression or Full Buy-In, a luxuriously equipped holy knight can adventure alongside a barbarian who braves the wild with naught but his trusty club and bearskin. The same choice also allows players who would prefer to avoid micromanaging items to do so through Full Buy-In.
We strongly recommend the option of Full Buy-In for one-shots and rapid character generation, as it removes a lot of the worries and miscellaneous choices involved in selecting items. It also elegantly conveys the flavor of a Made Man, Samurai, Guild-Mage, or similar character archetype. The bonus track Full Buy-In provides can even be used to represent possession of a single powerful item that grows with its bearer over time.
With GM permission, characters who choose the Full Buy-In option may be able to change their chosen track. This should be a serious in-character ordeal, but should never be regarded as impossible for mechanical reasons. Despite this option, beyond one-offs or rapid generation, Full Buy-In is safest for advanced players with a clear idea of what they want and need.

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

Item Type Lesser item
Lesser item Greater item
Lesser item Greater item
Relic

Level 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Item Type Lesser item
Greater item Relic
Greater item Artifact
Lesser item

Table 13-1 Standard ability and item progression

Level 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

Item Type 1st circle ability
2nd circle ability Lesser item
3rd circle ability
4th circle ability

Level 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Item Type Greater item 5th circle ability
6th circle ability Relic
7th circle ability

Table 13-2 Full buyin ability and item progression

Mundane Items
These are items that you might purchase with gold in most games. As we don't track gold at a mechanical level, nothing will break if you allow this to slip from the attention of your players and your game entirely. In general, these items represent a fairly limited subset of the things that an adventurer might care about in day to day life. Likewise, nothing will break if you want to run a gritty game where every arrow counts. Better still, you can run such a gritty game without fear of shattering the balance of the system. You may need to refluff magic items as blessings or guardian spirits, but such a thing can be done. This class of item is almost entirely decoupled from the rest,

Chapter XIII: Equipment

291

and has pretty minimal effects on the mechanics of the game.
Weapon Overview
You can only wield one weapon at a time, and the GM may want to limit characters to carrying a maximum number of weapons equal to their KOM on their person. You may, however, decide that one weapon represents a pair of weapons in the game world, or even twenty weapons. You can spend a swift action or part of a move action to draw a weapon, stow a weapon, or switch weapons, and a free action to drop a weapon. There is no action required to reload or reacquire any ranged or thrown weapon.
A weapon has three weapon properties and starts with 1d6 base damage. Weapons deal all damage as physical damage unless otherwise specified.
Base Damage Every weapon and natural weapon deals 1d6 damage in addition to its wielder's KOM on a hit. This is called the weapon's or natural weapon's base damage.
Natural Attacks Whether you are currently wielding a weapon or not, you can make attacks with a natural attack you possess. All creatures possess the Unarmed Strike natural attack, which has no weapon properties.
Unarmed Strike ­ Melee, range [Melee].
Improvised Weapons Sometimes an unarmed strike just isn't enough, but by some misfortune, a character is without

a weapon. The character might pick up a chair, a bottle, or even a small building if the GM allows it, and use it as an improvised weapon. A typical improvised weapon should have only two weapon properties, though suitably awesome ones may have three. The GM and player should work together to determine the weapon properties of an improvised weapon.
Weapon Properties
The following weapon properties appear on weapons in Legend. Some properties may be added multiple times to a single weapon. If a weapon has such a property, the property name is followed by the number of times it has been chosen (e.g. [Brutal 1], [Distant 2]).
Whenever you choose a weapon property for any reason, it follows the rules for Creating a Weapon presented later on, including the number of times a weapon property can be chosen. Unless otherwise noted, a character may only benefit from one instance of each weapon property at any given time.
[Arcane] weapons range from mystic tomes and staves to the swords of war-wizards, empowering the magical abilities of their wielders. If an [Arcane] weapon has an item bonus to attack rolls, that bonus applies to attack rolls made for spells, spell-like abilities, and supernatural abilities, but not to attack rolls made using the weapon.
Additionally, if an [Arcane] weapon has any enchantments that trigger when the wielder hits with an attack made using a weapon, they trigger when the wielder hits with an attack made for a spell, spell-like ability, or supernatural ability instead.
This property never counts towards the number of weapon properties chosen for a weapon.

292

[Barbed] weapons can be made to stick in a target on a hit, inflicting a -1 penalty to all saves against combat maneuvers. You cease to wield a weapon stuck in a target this way. The creature hit, or an adjacent creature, may spend a move action to remove the weapon, eliminating this penalty. Doing so inflicts 3 points of damage, plus 2 damage per ten levels of the original attacker, to the creature from which the weapon is removed. The creature that removes the weapon may choose to drop the weapon or to hold it, but must switch to the weapon in order to wield it if it is already wielding a weapon.
[Brutal] weapons deal 1 extra damage, plus 1 damage per six levels of the wielder. This property can be chosen up to three times. The second time it is chosen, the damage increases to 2 extra damage, plus 1 damage per three levels of the wielder. The third time it is chosen, the damage increases to 3 extra damage, plus 1 damage per two levels of the wielder. If a [Brutal] weapon also has the [Arcane] weapon property, the extra damage instead applies to spells, spell-like abilities, and supernatural abilities that deal damage.
[Deft] weapons increase the initiative results of their wielders by 2. (If a creature ceases to wield a [Deft] weapon, that creature's initiative result decreases by 2, but that creature does not act again on its new initiative until the next [Round].)
[Devastating] weapons double the distance of any successful push made by their wielders as a result of the Bull Rush combat maneuver. Only melee weapons can gain the [Devastating] weapon property.

[Disarming] weapons grant their wielders a +1 bonus to the DC of any Disarm combat maneuver they activate. Only melee weapons can gain the [Disarming] weapon property.
[Elemental] weapons deal all damage (including additional damage) as energy damage with the [Acid], [Cold], [Fire], or [Electricity] descriptor, determined when the weapon is created.
[Guardian] weapons provide a +1 deflection bonus to AC, which stacks with other deflection bonuses to AC.
[Hold-out] weapons are automatically concealed on your person from anything but a hand search, and you can make a Larceny check at no penalty to conceal them from a hand search.
[Magnum] weapons allow their wielders to treat an opponent's [Damage reduction] or [Resistance] to damage of the type or types this weapon deals as being 2 lower than it is when making attacks using these weapons, or against damage dealt by spells, spell-like abilities, and supernatural abilities if the magnum weapon also has the [Arcane] property. This increases by 1 per four levels of the wielder.
[Parrying] weapons can be used as an immediate action to reduce the damage taken from a single attack by their wielders' KDM.
[Point-blank] weapons deal 1d4 extra damage, plus 1d4 damage per seven levels of the wielder, at [Close] range. Only weapons with at least [Close] range can gain the [Point-blank] weapon property.

Chapter XIII: Equipment

293

[Reach] weapons increase their wielders' [Melee] range by 5 ft.
[Reacting] weapons allow you to make a 5 ft step even during a turn when you use your move action to move.
[Quick-draw] weapons can be drawn or stowed as a free action instead of as a swift action or part of a move action. You may also switch to a [Quickdraw]weapon from another [Quick-draw] weapon as a free action. This does not affect switching to weapons without the [Quick-draw] weapon property.
[Scything] weapons allow their wielders to target two opponents within range who are also within 5 ft + 5 ft per 5 levels of each other with each attack. When attacking with a [Scything] weapon this way, you make two separate attack rolls, and both rolls suffer a -5 penalty.
[Thrown] weapons can alternatively be used as ranged weapons with [Close] range. Only melee weapons can gain the [Thrown] weapon property.
[Traumatizing] weapons inflict the [Bleeding] condition on a critical hit, then inflict [HP reduction] equal to twice your level.

Creating Weapons
Creating a weapon follows 3 simple steps: »» 1: Choose melee ([Melee] range) or ranged ([Close] range). The weapon gains that type and range. »» 2: Choose three weapon properties. The weapon gains those weapon properties. Some weapon properties may require a specific type (melee or ranged ). Unless otherwise specified, a weapon property can only be chosen once. »» 3: Name the weapon: e.g. "trident."
Armor Overview
Armor in Legend has been greatly condensed, in keeping with our general philosophy of basing characters' statistics primarily on the character instead of on external sources.
Mundane armor comes in two kinds: »» Light armor provides a +1 item bonus to Armor
Class. »» Heavy armor provides a +2 item bonus to
Armor Class, but inflicts a -1 penalty on Reflex saves because it tends to limit the wearer's flexibility and mobility.

[Tripping] weapons grant their wielders a +1 bonus to the DC of any Trip combat maneuver they activate. Only melee weapons can gain the [Tripping] weapon property.

[Unbalancing] weapons inflict [Flat-footed] on a critical hit.

294

Magic Items
Magic items in Legend are special tools that can only be used by characters of sufficient power. A character must reach a certain level to be capable of wielding particularly powerful items, and can only use so many at any given time. One may own many magic items, of course; a particularly powerful character may have an armory full of magical weapons, and may change his or her choice of magic items at the end of any [Scene] in which that collection of items is readily accessible. Even in games where items are less accessible, GMs should ensure that player characters can acquire powerful items as they become capable of using them. As always in Legend, your game will work best when your group works together to create an enjoyable game.
Gaining and Choosing Magic Items
The most straightforward way to gain additional items is to acquire them in-game as encounter rewards or quest rewards. All GMs should ensure that, at a minimum, the players can acquire enough items in this way to fill all available magic item slots in their item progressions. It is also generally wise to provide items that are useful for the player characters, as few sages particularly want a magic sword and not many barbarians wish for magical books. As noted earlier in this chapter, a game in which large numbers of magic items are inappropriate should be designed around that concept from the outset, with player characters using the Full Buy-In progression.
In some situations, players may gain additional resources beyond the number of items they are actually able to use. Characters may maintain a cave

where their butler and product engineer store extra treasures and tools, or they might simply devote a wall in their bedrooms to storing spare weapons. These are reasonable things for adventurers to do, and our item system supports this choice. Between [Scenes], if a character has access to extra magic items, the character may switch out one or more magic items currently in use for items of the same tier that are not currently in use (for example, a Lesser item for another Lesser item).
When the player characters wish to acquire extra items for these purposes, it is reasonable to set up a short quest focused on acquiring items, possibly with in-character repercussions involving bitter nobles or vengeful guard captains. Campaigns don't generally suffer from extra challenges and plot arcs.
Generally, a character should have no more than one of each item, unless the item's description states otherwise.
Activating and Using Magic Items
Magic items in Legend can only be activated by a process of attunement, as described in the previous section. Attunement is a brief process, lasting only a minute, but only a creature of sufficient power can attune to any given magic item.
Various magic items are "unlocked" in different ways; relatively common attunement methods include feeding the item a drop of the would-be user's blood, implanting a gem into the item, and holding the item in noonday sunlight or the light of the full moon (many adventurers store sunlight and moonlight in ritual jars so that they can attune items at more convenient times). As a rule, assume that characters have or gain the resources to attune a magic item by the time they acquire

Chapter XIII: Equipment

295

it; if an item is part of a quest reward, the attunement resources should be part of the quest as well.
Once a magic item is attuned to its user, using it is a straightforward process. Items generally provide passive ("always-on") bonuses to their users; if a specific item has an ability that is activated separately, follow the item description to determine the action cost and availability of the active ability.

Magic Weapons

In all cases, magically or technologically-en-

hanced weapons grant increasing item bonuses to

attack rolls, based on their item tier.

Lesser item Greater item
Relic Artifact

+1 to attack rolls +2 to attack rolls +3 to attack rolls +4 to attack rolls

Magic Armors

Magical armor provides a +2 or higher item bonus

to Armor Class with no penalties, along with spe-

cial abilities or options.

Lesser item Greater item
Relic Artifact

+2 to Armor Class +3 to Armor Class +4 to Armor Class +5 to Armor Class

Magic Shields
Magical shields provide a +1 or higher deflection bonus to Armor Class based on their item tier, along with special abilities or options.

Lesser item Greater item
Relic Artifact

+1 to Armor Class +2 to Armor Class +3 to Armor Class +4 to Armor Class

Lesser Items
As the weakest category, Lesser items are the relatively simple things, like the well-worn tools in Batman's utility belt. They often have a significant effect, but they tend to be more colorful than powerful. Most players will start with access to one of these, and gaining it may even be part of what sends them off on their adventuring career. Even the simple things can count for a lot.
Greater Items
More powerful magical items are always problematic. Our intellectual model for these is that they should be like Artemis's bow. Sure, it's an item of power, it's been blessed, crafted, coddled. But at the end of the day, what matters is that this was a bow used by Artemis, not that this was the bow Artemis had to use. Items in this class are powerful props that help add depth and diversity to your character's arsenal, rather than define your character.
Relics
Every story has MacGuffin items. We thought it'd be nice if they were also MacBeatYourFoesToDeath items. These are deadly powers given a home in steel, and serve as milestones for a character's ascension to power and fame. More than that, relics are the tools that great deeds are sealed with, representing rarities likely to be almost universally sought after. Many of these relics are likely to have unique names, and histories of their own. While they are unlikely to be the defining aspect of a character, there's a modicum of notoriety involved simply in owning a Relic that players should be prepared for.

296

Artifacts
Artifact items are singularly character-defining, those rare items of immense power that are almost inextricably tied to the heroes who wielded them. If Relics help you finish quests and win battles, Artifacts are the items that make a quest possible, or a battle conceivable. Excalibur comes to mind as a superb example. Artifacts elevate their owners, as few other things in this system do, and often have their own stories and histories that only the truly powerful can hope to be worthy of. The bearer of an artifact often has a measure of status by association alone, even if their own greatness dwarfs their tool's legend in time.
Places of Power
Sometimes, a character can draw insight from a place of significance, and gain a benefit similar to that of a magic item. Many of these places may not be physically present in your campaign in any sense, but their essence can still be available to those who seek them. A place of power acts as a magic item of equivalent grade.
Items for Mounts
Some items, marked with [Mount], are only usable if you have a mount (from the Ride skill, the Signature Ride ability, or any other mount that follows the rules on page 189) and only convey their benefits on that mount. Some normal items usable by characters can extend their benefits to mounts as well.

Mundane Weapons
The following descriptions are examples of weapons that may be common in Legend games. Your group can also make other weapons using the Creating Weapons rules above.
Battleaxe ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Guardian], [Scything].
Crossbow ­ Ranged, range [Medium], [Brutal 1], [Distant 1], [Guardian].
Hand Crossbow ­ Ranged, range [Close], [Guardian], [Hold-out], [Point-blank].
Flail ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Guardian], [Tripping].
Greataxe ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Scything].
Greatsword ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Reacting].
Halberd ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Reach], [Tripping].
Heavy Flail ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Devastating], [Tripping].
Knife ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Guardian], [Holdout], [Thrown].

Longbow ­ Ranged, range [Medium], [Brutal 2], [Distant 1].

Chapter XIII: Equipment

297

Longspear ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Reach].
Longsword ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Guardian], [Quick-draw]. Mace ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Guardian], [Traumatizing].
Pistol ­ Ranged, range [Close], [Hold-out], [Guardian], [Quick-draw].
Quarterstaff ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Parrying].
Rifle ­ Ranged, range [Medium], [Brutal 1], [Distant 1], [Traumatizing].
Sap ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Deft], [Guardian], [Hold-out].
Shortbow ­ Ranged, range [Medium], [Brutal 1], [Distant 1], [Guardian].
Spear ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Guardian], [Reach].
Throwing Axe ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Hold-out], [Thrown], [Traumatizing].
Wand ­ Ranged, range [Close], [Arcane], [Brutal 1], [Elemental], [Point-blank].
Warhammer ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Magnum].
Whip ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Disarming], [Reach].

Lesser Items
Ancient Reliquary
You would swear you hear something crawling inside. Benefit: Once per [Scene], as a free action, you may open the reliquary to release an adorable disembodied hand onto target square within [Melee] range. You gain line of sight from the hand's square.
Once per [Round], as a free action, you may move the hand up to your movement speed, though obstacles may block its movement. Once per [Round], as a free action, you may make a Stealth check as if you were occupying the hand's square. If this check surpasses an opponent's Awareness, that opponent cannot establish line of sight to the hand until the end of your next turn.
If the hand is within an opponent's [Close] range, that opponent may take a standard action to kill the hand, The hand disappears when it dies, or at the end of the [Scene].
Black Ankh
Long associated with life after death, this ankh or cross seems to serve you as more than a good luck charm, giving you a better grasp on the force of life itself. Benefit: +2 item bonus to Constitution.
Broken Ring
This old hunk of junk was once a powerful invisibility charm. Now it's almost unusable, and surges of ancient magic cause you great fright when activated. Benefit: Once per [Scene], if you have yet to make any other actions on your turn you may become [Invisible] as a free action until the end of the [Encounter]. Doing so causes you to choose whether to fight or flee on this turn and at the beginning of your turn each [Round] for the rest of

298

the [Encounter]. If you decide to flee, your only available actions until the beginning of your next turn are to Run, use your move action(s) to move, or make use of the Stealth skill. If you decide to fight you must skip either a standard action or move action during that turn (this has no effect if the creature already skips a standard action or all its move actions due to other conditions). If you are unable to flee you must fight.
Burnished Phylactery
These little wooden boxes are designed to be held by straps against the back of your wrist, but have long since been set in small pauldrons and worn to a shine by use. Oddly, while the pauldrons are scarred by sword blows, the oak boxes are not. Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as an immediate action, you may create a spiritual bond between you and target ally within [Medium] range.
Until the end of the [Encounter], whenever that ally would take damage, if they are within 25 ft + 5 ft per level of you the damage is instead split equally with you. This split happens before any other ability affects the damage taken and after the split the damage taken cannot be reduced, split, or affected in any way. A creature may have only one spiritual bond from a Burnished Phylactery at a time.
Cloak of the Endless Journey
To all appearances this cloak is a plain, if well kept, travelers cloak that is just the right fit for you. Benefit: A Cloak of the Endless Journey is a boon to anyone traveling anywhere. When you attune to the Cloak of the Endless Journey, you must remain attuned to it until the end of the [Scene]. While you are attuned to the Cloak, you ignore

difficult terrain, you gain the constant benefits of the endure elements spell, and you gain the Swim movement mode. In addition the Cloak of the Endless Journey has several useful functions.
Once per day, by reaching into the internal pockets of the cloak, you can access materials that will provide enough sustenance for one creature for a day. The details of these materials may vary though their only practical purpose is to provide sustenance when consumed, as if the creature had eaten and drank. Bread and water, tea and crumpets, mineral enriched crystals, or motor oil might all be appropriate depending on the choice of the wearer.
The cloak can also be transformed with 1 minute of effort into a sturdy, weatherproof, and stationary shelter that appears large enough for a single creature of the wearer's size, but is actually quite spacious inside and can accommodate up to 4 creatures of the wearer's size comfortably. The pockets are still accessible while in this form, though the cloak's other benefits are not. The shelter can be transformed back into a cloak and re-donned as a free action, transporting all unattended items and creatures previously in the shelter into the closest unoccupied squares of your choosing.
Crackle Bag
This inconspicuous bag creates a number of small inconspicuous items with a peculiar property ­ they emit a loud cracking sound if squeezed or thrown against a hard surface. Benefit: You may use this magic bag to create several small innocuous bits of wood, stone, or metal that cover a number of squares dependent on the action used to place them. Five times per [Scene], as a swift or as part of a move action, you may coat a 15 ft square within [Close] range. Five times per

Chapter XIII: Equipment

299

[Scene], as a standard action, you may coat a 30 ft square within [Close] range. Items created by the Crackle Bag last until the end of the current [Scene]. You may make a Larceny check as with Trap-Setting to conceal the nature of the items when deploying them (as explained in Chapter VII). Whenever these items are placed onto a square occupied by a creature, or whenever a creature moves into a square occupied by these items, the items crackle and leap at the intruder.
Any creature within your [Close] range of the crackling items automatically knows from which square the items crackled and leaped. Any creature within your [Medium] range of those items knows the general direction of those items. If a creature is aware of the items, they may opt to treat intentional movement through the squares occupied as difficult terrain to avoid making the items crackle.
Earthsmasher Pickaxe
This pickaxe is a marvel of dwarven ingenuity. Earthsmasher Pickaxe ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 1], [Magnum], [Traumatizing]. Benefit: In addition to being a weapon, this pickaxe allows you to carve out 5 ft of tunnel through solid rock, soil, or similar material as a standard action. These tunnels are self-supporting and wide enough for an [Average] creature to move through.
Earthsmasher's Pickaxe is not appropriate for all campaigns, and should be explicitly cleared with your GM.
Eternal Pipe
This intricately wrought pipe portrays a fanciful sculpture of some mythological beast. Even when it sits quietly it emits light wisps of smoke.

Benefit: By blowing out rings of smoke from the Eternal Pipe, you can create several thick clouds that hover persistently once placed. As part of a move action, if you do not have 3 or more active clouds, you may create a single cloud in an unoccupied target square within [Close] range, which lasts and remains active for five [Rounds] or until it is destroyed. Each cloud is an obstacle that occupies one square and possesses 45 hit points. Each cloud may be treated as a creature for the purposes of targeting with attacks and effects that deal damage and for the purposes of area effects that deal damage. Each cloud cannot make saving throws and is hit by any attacks targeting it. If an effect would damage a cloud on the cloud's turn, it is damaged on your turn. Once a cloud reaches 0 or fewer hit points, it is destroyed.
As part of a move action used for movement, a creature may make a DC 15 Athletics check. Success means the creature can climb over the clouds, allowing it to enter and leave squares the clouds occupy as if they were not obstacles for one [Round]; failure means they cannot enter those squares for that movement.
Fury Stone
Cradling this stone leaves you with a hulking rage, and an accompanying desire to smash through any obstacles. Benefit: +2 item bonus to Strength.
Grim Fragment
These dull gray amulets are coarse, lumpy, filthy, depressing to look at, and one of the most valuable things to have handy when swords start swinging. Benefit: +2 item bonus to Charisma.

300

Hideaway [Mount]
It was a plane, but now it's a bird, and it fits in your breast pocket. Benefit: Your mount can assume a compact form at your command, to facilitate stealth and travel. The compact form is small enough to be hidden on your person in the same fashion as a [Hold-out] weapon. Causing the mount to shrink or return to normal size is a standard action. You cannot cause your mount to shrink if it has any occupants, and it can only return to normal size if there are sufficient unoccupied squares (at least one of which must be adjacent to you) for it to fit.
Map of the Master Strategist
This black leather wrapped vellum map can be rolled and unrolled with the help of a single silver clasp. The map itself appears blank, save for an intricate compass rose in the lower left hand corner. Benefit: When you attune to the Map of the Master Strategist, you must remain attuned to it until the end of the [Scene]. Once attuned, the previously blank map will draw a map of a 250 ft square centered on your current location and elevation, including topographical details of open terrain (such as open plains or a forest) and inner architectural details of closed terrain (such as inside a building or dungeon) that are not intentionally hidden.
By spending an entire [Round] without using any actions or making attacks of opportunity, the map can be commanded to update, magically erasing itself and redrawing your new location. The map does not automatically remain accurate.

Oakstone Shard
Removed from the petrified heart of a treant, this shard of stony oak fills you with the ancient wisdom of the forests. Benefit: +2 item bonus to Wisdom.
Obsidian Ring
Legends of old tell of the Black Isle, inhabited by wizards who brought beautiful worlds into being with only their imagination. This ring grants you a small portion of their intellect. Benefit: +2 item bonus to Intelligence.
Psychic Bond [Mount]
You and your mount share a connection that allows you to direct it over great distances with but a thought. Benefit: As long as you are within [Extreme] range of your mount and know its location, you may spend a move action to direct it to move up to its full move speed. If you cause it to enter a square you occupy with this movement, you may mount it immediately, without using an action.
Quicksilver Brooch
This brooch contains a chamber of liquid metal, and imbues your limbs with startling flexibility and speed. Benefit: +2 item bonus to Dexterity.
Rime Wand
A rod made of unmelting ice, this object radiates a slight sense of eagerness. Benefit: As either a standard action, or once per [Round] in place of a single attack in an attack action, you may shoot an ice dagger at target opponent within [Medium] range. The dagger automatically deals energy damage with the

Chapter XIII: Equipment

301

[Cold] descriptor equal to your level + your Key Offensive Modifier. When you use the Rime Wand by sacrificing an attack in an attack action (but not when you use it as any other action), you may sacrifice additional attacks, up to a maximum of 1 per 5 levels you possess, to increase the damage done by the ice dagger by your Key Offensive Modifier for every attack you give up. This is a spell-like ability.
Rocket Booster [Mount]
Whoever said that strapping a jet engine to a horse was a bad idea clearly wasn't very imaginative. Benefit: Your mount gains a +10 ft. bonus to its movement speed.
Silver Harness [Mount]
These leather straps are studded with enchanted silver and protective runes. Benefit: When you would be moved by an effect or ability while mounted, the mount is moved instead.

Will-O'-Wisp Lantern
This black iron lantern contains a glowing orb that sheds a pale light through intricately wrought glass panes. When released it follows you, hovering eerily in mid air. Benefit: A Will-O'-Wisp Lantern has several useful functions.
A Will-O'-Wisp lantern provides pale light that is visible only to the owner of the lantern, permitting the owner to see up to 60 ft as clear as though it were day, even through magical darkness created by abilities of fourth circle or lower.
Furthermore, as a swift or part of a move action, you may place a 60 ft radius spread of bright light originating from target square within [Close] range. This light is visible only to those you designated as allies when the it is placed. The light provides illumination within its radius, and lasts until the end of the [Scene] or until extinguished as a free action from any distance.

Small Totem
This statue grins at you affably. Benefit: You gain [Darkvision].
Shield Amulet
This old thing's seen better days, but the glitter of power is still in the silvered contours. Benefit: You gain a +2 bonus to any one saving throw.
Turbo [Mount]
You press a button, you hear a swoosh, and suddenly you are moving very fast. Benefit: Once per [Encounter], as a free action, you or an ally who is your mount's rider may double your mount's movement speed for one [Round].

Lesser Places of Power
Broken Stele
This old monument isn't much of an aid to memory anymore. Benefit: You gain [Fast healing] 2.
Endless Pit
You've already taken the plunge. Benefit: You no longer take falling damage.
Silent Halls
Opening your mind to the thoughts of another requires a place from distractions, and you have found such a place.

302

Benefit: At will, as a free action, you may form a telepathic mindlink with a single willing creature within [Close] range. You and the creatures you are mindlinked to may communicate with each other from any distance, as if you were each targets of a world-mind spell you had cast.
You may have any number of mindlinks with allies who also possess the Silent Halls, and up to three mindlinks with allies who do not. Once per [Scene], you may attempt to form a mindlink with an ally from any distance instead of within [Close] range. If you are mindlinked to the target of a world-mind spell, you may communicate with any target of that spell as if you were also a target. You may dismiss any mindlinks formed as a free action, and mindlinks you form expire at the end of [Scene].
Greater Items
Band of the Warrior Poet
The wearer of this headband makes every swing of the blade or pull of the trigger akin to rhyme. Their every movement seems to flow through the battlefield as a song does through verse. Benefit: Whenever you hit with an attack, if it is your turn, you may make an additional 5 ft step during your turn. Otherwise, you may make an additional 5 ft step during your next turn.
Belt of Useful Items
This belt is strewn with pockets that always seem to hold exactly what you need. Benefit: Each [Encounter] you successfully complete without falling [Dead] or [Unconscious] imbues this belt with a charge, to a maximum

number of charges equal to your level. You also gain 3 of these charges at the beginning of each [Quest]. You gain a bonus to your maximum hit points equal to the number of charges you currently have. As a swift action, you can spend three of the belt's charges to gain the benefit of a single lesser consumable chosen from the list at the end of this chapter that you could normally use.
Blaze Bolter
This heavily burnished bronze beauty fires small shards of pure elemental fire, which explode into considerably larger balls of pure elemental fire. Blaze Bolter: Ranged, range [Medium], [Brutal 1], [Distant 1], [Elemental: Fire], [Magnum]. Greater weapon: +2 item bonus to attack rolls. Benefit: You may add the [Volley] descriptor to any attack made with this weapon against target creature, to be applied against all opponents within 20 ft of target creature. Instead of dealing damage as normal, such an attack deals damage equal to twice your KOM against opponents you hit and damage equal to your KOM against opponents you miss.
Coldfire Ingot
A small flame twinkles inside this unmelting block of ice. It is designed to serve as a whetstone. Benefit: A Coldfire Ingot improves your attacks in one of two ways, chosen upon attuning. Only one Coldfire Ingot may be attuned at a time.
»» 2 + Constitution modifier additional elemental damage with the [Cold] descriptor on all attacks, OR
»» 2 + Strength modifier additional elemental damage with the [Fire] descriptor on all attacks.

Chapter XIII: Equipment

303

Crystal Ball
This round transparent sphere is the expected tool of any seer. Benefit: Once per [Scene], as a standard action, you may activate scrying, as the spell, with a save DC equal to (13 + 1/2 your character level + your KOM). Additionally, once per [Round], as a free action, you may establish line of sight from any square within [Close] range for one [Round]. This does not require line of effect or line of sight.
Eye of Wrath
At first, this appears to be just a roughly carved marble sphere, until it blinks and begins to track you with stony malevolence. Benefit: As a standard action, you may form a connection with an ally in [Close] range. You may only have one connection at a time, and if you form a new connection, the old one fades. Once per [Encounter], you may cast a spell or use an ability as though you were in the square of the ally that you are connected to. The ally must be within [Close] range of you, but does not need to have line of effect or line of sight to you and vice versa. Special: You may attune to multiple Eyes of Wrath. Each additional Eye allows you one additional connection at a time, as well as another use per [Encounter] of its ability.
Elemental Reactor [Mount]
This dodecahedron of steel and adamantium hums and vibrates with energy that powers your mount's critical subsystems. Benefit: Your mount gains the Soar movement mode. It takes five minutes of effort for the mount to ascend or descend.

Flamespitter [Mount]
This ceramic and metal contraption features a great deal of armor protecting the fuel tank. Benefit: While mounted, you can fire a Flamespitter as a standard action, inflicting 1d4 energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor per level to all opponents in a 10-foot-wide line originating from yourself out to [Close] range. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) halves the damage. You may grant the mount a bonus to its move speed for its next movement this [Round] equal to 5 ft per opponent caught in the line.
Grip Treads [Mount]
These tires (or horseshoes) allow you to move effortlessly from one dramatic dash into another. Benefit: Once per [Encounter], if you are the rider of a mount, you may Charge again immediately upon completion of the Charge combat maneuver.
Infighter's Buckler
This shield offers magical maiming along with mobility for the battle mage on the go. Benefit: This item grants a +2 deflection bonus to AC. Furthermore, as a standard action, you may deal damage equal to twice your character level + your KOM to target opponent within [Melee] range, and then move up to half your move speed without provoking attacks of opportunity. This is a supernatural ability.
Iron Tactica
An ancient tablet made of clay and bordered in iron. Benefit: You gain a bonus [Combat] or [Weapon] feat that you meet the prerequisites for.

304

Ironshod Staff
There's a bit of a static charge on this old staff, and a wielder can unleash it at a moment's notice. Benefit: As a standard action, you may deal damage equal to twice your character level to a number of target opponents equal to your KOM within [Medium] range. This is a supernatural ability.
Mechanized Armor [Mount]
Your allies don't ride on your mount, they ride in it. Behind layers of armor. Benefit: Your mount is heavily armored, which prevents creatures from boarding, and blocks line of effect between its passengers and all other creatures ­ including the rider. Once per [Round] at its rider's turn, if the rider is your ally, they may open or close firing ports (no action is required to do so). Opening firing ports re-enables boarding of the mount, and unblocks line of effect, allowing passengers to attack (and be attacked) while inside the mount. If the mount does not have a rider, the firing ports open automatically as a safety mechanism.
Simple Icon
This is a small icon you carved years ago. It sings like an aeolian harp. Benefit: Twice per [Encounter], as a swift action, you may create a spread with a radius of your [Close] range originating from you that grants each ally besides yourself in the area a Swap token. You may then immediately destroy a Swap token you had given to an ally and swap positions with that ally, as if you were both affected by the dimensional swap spell. Each time you destroy a Swap token and swap positions with an ally in this way, you may immediately do so again with

another ally that possesses a Swap token that you had given them. The Swap tokens are destroyed at the end of your turn.
Stone Fist
This solid fist renders your enemies brittle to the bone. Benefit: Once every 2 [Rounds], as a swift action, you may inflict [HP reduction] equal to twice your character level upon two opponents within 10 ft + 5 ft per level.
Submersible [Mount]
Your mount is airtight, and also water-tight. Benefit: Your mount does not need to breathe, and its occupants do not need to breathe while they are aboard the mount. Your mount gains the Swim movement mode.
Trampling Treads [Mount]
These tires are just made for flattening things. Benefit: Your mount's rider, if it is your ally, can attempt to violently force its way through a square occupied by another creature. As a standard action, the rider can move your mount from one square adjacent to a particular opponent to any other unoccupied square adjacent to the same opponent without provoking an attack of opportunity. There must be sufficient unoccupied squares for the mount to fit in this new space, and its rider can make an attack action against the opponent after completing its move. If the target creature makes a successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ the rider's level + the rider's KOM), the rider can make only a single attack, rather than an attack action.

Chapter XIII: Equipment

305

Turret [Mount]
This armored bubble protects you during combat. Benefit: All occupants of your mount are [Covered] against all other creatures.
Useful Goggles
On a first glance they look like any other pair of goggles and don't seem to do anything. With a bit of fiddling, however, they can provide the user with an interesting selection of additional senses. Benefit: You gain a number of senses usable one at a time (you can switch between them as a swift action): [Ghostwise sight] out to 45 ft, [Darkvision], or arcane sight as the spell.
Wings of Faith
They take thousands of shapes: fey, fiendish, clockwork, feathered, but regardless of their nature, most creatures of faith are attributed with the ability of flight. Now you can count yourself among them. Benefit: You gain the Fly movement mode. Alter nately, your mount gains the Fly movement mode.
Worry Beads
These little beads hum and rattle happily, their motion a comforting constant. Benefit: You gain an additional trained skill. When you attune to the Worry Beads, you must remain attuned to them until the end of the [Scene]. Up to two sets of worry beads stack.

Greater Places of Power
Abandoned Arsenal
There's plenty of power left in this old place. Benefit: Your melee natural weapons gain the [Magnum] and [Reach] weapon properties if they did not already have them. Your melee weapons possess the [Magnum] and [Reach] properties while you wield them, if they do not already have those properties.
Sweet Springs
An old benediction has left these waters sweet and pure. Benefit: Once per [Scene], as a standard action, you may summon up to 4 drinks of magical spring water plus an additional drink per 5 character levels you possess. As a swift or part of a move action, you may pass 1 of these drinks to an ally with [Melee] range. Each drink takes a move action to consume which instantly recovers hit points equal to twice your character level as well as doubling the amount of [Fast healing] provided by a single source for three [Rounds]. These drinks evaporate at the end of the [Scene].
Relic Items
Blink Treads [Mount]
Space bends around these tires, and also around whatever they're fastened to. Benefit: Whenever your mount moves, you may add the [Teleport] descriptor to its movement.

Cloaking System [Mount]
This flywheel spins in total silence, and warps light around you when it moves.

306

Benefit: Once per [Encounter], your mount's rider, if it is your ally, may activate your mount's cloaking field. For the next 3 [Rounds], the rider becomes [Invisible], and creatures cannot establish line of sight to the mount or its other occupants unless they can establish line of sight to its rider. Occupants who leave the mount cease to benefit from the cloaking field.
Fine Belt
This is a carefully tooled and precisely enchanted belt made of high-quality trollskin. Benefit: You gain [Fast healing] equal to your character level.
Forgotten Song
You struggle to remember this song. When you recall a beat your very soul is unfettered, and when you hum a bar all are enraptured by its tune. Benefit: Once per [Round], as a move action, you may gain 1 beat in your Forgotten Song. You may only have up to 4 beats at a time, and they expire at the end of the [Encounter]. You begin each [Encounter] with no beats in your Forgotten Song. While the Forgotten Song has at least 1 beat, your movements gain the [Warp] descriptor. As an immediate action, you may spend 3 beats to create a spread with a [Medium] range radius originating from you, which renders all opponents in the spread [Slowed] for one [Round], and immediately [Warp] up to 120 ft.
Ghostly Rifle
This slickly organic firearm feels like it's not quite there. There's no place to put ammo, certainly, but you suspect this will be the least of your problems.

Ghostly Rifle: Ranged, range [Medium], [Brutal 2], [Distant 1], [Magnum]. Relic weapon: +3 item bonus to attack rolls. Benefit: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with a ranged attack with this weapon, you may create a spread with a radius of 25 ft + 5 ft per level you possess originating from that opponent, which lasts for 1 [Round]. At the end of the [Round], you deal magic damage with the [Force] descriptor equal to three times your KOM to all opponents within the spread.
How A Drill Works [Mount]
This huge carving device is meant for breaking through the floor of the world. Benefit: Your mount gains the Burrow movement mode. Each ally gains [Tremorsense] out to 45 ft as long as it is occupying the mount.
Icy Fang
A fang as long as your arm, rimed in perpetual frost. There's a sense of finality and permanence to the very object itself that makes you uneasy. Benefit: Your first attack of each turn treats your opponent's [Miss chance] as 50 percentage points lower (minimum 0%). Your second attack of each turn treats your opponent's [Miss chance] as 20 percentage points lower (minimum 0%). In addition, your natural weapons gain the [Magnum] weapon property if they did not already have it. Your weapons possess the [Magnum] property while you wield them, if they do not already have that property.
Iron Sliver
This small piece of metal vibrates steadily. Benefit: You gain a 10% [Miss chance]. Once per

Chapter XIII: Equipment

307

[Round], you may instead gain 50% [Miss chance] against one attack targeting you. This does not require an action. You may know the result of the attack roll before gaining this [Miss chance] but must decide to gain it before [Miss chance] is rolled.
Magister's Staff
Made of solid silver hardened with alchemical treatments, the staff is capped with obsidian at the top and dull iron at the bottom. Benefit: When you attune to the Magister's Staff, you must remain attuned to it until the end of the [Quest]. At the beginning of each [Quest], the Magister's staff gains 14 charges. Whenever you successfully complete an [Encounter] without falling [Dead] or [Unconscious], you gain 2 more charges. You may accumulate up to 42 total charges. Charges may be used to cast any spell you know without reducing your spells per [Scene], at the cost of 1 charge per circle of the spell you wish to cast. Once per [Scene], you may switch one spell you know for another spell of the same circle or lower. This spell must be on your casting track's spell list, and the swap must be at the start of the [Scene]. When you become unattuned from the Magister's Staff, all spells known that were swapped revert to the originally swapped out spells.
Missile Battery [Mount]
For a box of what look to be super-sized pencils, this artillery packs a hell of a punch. Benefit: Once every other [Round], as a standard action while riding your mount, you may create a spread with a radius of 5 ft per two character levels you possess originating from target square within [Extreme] range of your mount. At the end

of the [Round] in which you created the spread, you deal 15d6 damage to every creature in the spread, and inflicting the [Deafened] condition for two [Rounds] on each opponent in the spread. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) halves the damage and negates the [Deafened] condition.
Mote of Fear
When you pick up this dusty filigree sphere, your shadow stretches back almost twenty feet along the path of your footsteps then clambers up to wrap itself around you like a ready cloak. Benefit: When you attune to this item, you create a 30 ft radius spread originating from you, which moves with you and lasts until you un-attune from this item. The first time in an [Encounter] that any opponent begins their turn or enters a square in this spread, it takes a -3 penalty to AC, attack rolls, and saving throws for the rest of the [Encounter]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + 1/2 your level + your Charisma modifier) negates the effect.
Neutronium Reactor [Mount]
The box of dull gray metal hooked up to your engines expends vast amounts of highly-compressed energy. You have been advised that if it ever makes any noise, you are to get out of dodge. Benefit: Your mount gains the Soar movement mode and can ascend or descend in just 5 [Rounds].
Something Ungiven
There are no good words for this, but you made a small mistake. A long lasting mistake, though, made by not making that little commitment. This is an ossified reminder of your failure to give when giving mattered.

308

Benefit: Each [Encounter] you successfully complete without falling [Dead] imbues this item with a charge, to a maximum of your character level. You also gain five of these charges at the beginning of each [Quest]. You gain a bonus to your maximum hit points equal to the number of charges you currently have. Once per [Scene], as a swift action, you may spend five charges and a swift action to temporarily weaken the items of a single creature in [Medium] range. For the next two [Rounds], any item bonuses granted by those items are halved, except for bonuses to ability scores.
True Symbol
This glyph crawls across you, sliding easily from your skin onto your armor and back, like a slick of oil across water. A faint chill accompanies it. Benefit: You get two swift actions per turn, rather than one.
Winged Armor
This massive clockwork plate armor has huge wings mounted on its back. Its gauntlets have spikes mounted on the knuckles. Benefit: You gain the Fly movement mode and a +4 item bonus to Armor Class. You also gain the following natural weapon: Spiked Gauntlets ­ Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 3].
In addition, once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you can overload the clockwork armor's machinery. You gain a +30 ft bonus to your movement speed, and your natural weapons deal an additional +1 damage per level. Additionally, once per [Round], a creature you hit with your spiked gauntlets must make a Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your Strength modifier) or be [Dazed] for one [Round]. These effects last for 3 [Rounds].

Unfortunately, your armor requires some of your mental power to coordinate its powerful systems. While you wear this armor, you take a -1 penalty to all non-Physical skills, and your level is treated as one lower for the purposes of your spells, spelllike, and supernatural abilities.
Relic Places of Power
Menhir Circle
It claims a debt and offers a loan. Benefit: When you attune to this item, your maximum HP is reduced by 10 HP plus 3 HP per character level you possess, and one other willing ally that is within [Medium] range has its maximum HP increased by 20 HP + 6 HP per character level they possess. This effect lasts until you are no longer attuned to this item. If your ally dies or ceases to be considered an ally for this effect, you become unattuned from the Menhir Circle and the effect ends. A creature may only have its maximum HP increased by one Menhir Circle at a time.
Siege Walls
These old walls are all that is left of a great city, torn apart by internal strife. In the end, the fortifications were used to hold the vast foment of rebellion inside the city. Benefit: Once per 5 [Rounds], as a standard action, you may create a wall of bones within [Medium] range. This wall consists of a number of 5 ft squares equal to your character level, with each square adjacent to another square. Each individual 5 ft square of the wall is an obstacle, has 50 HP, attacks against them automatically hit, and sections automatically fail saving throws. The wall

Chapter XIII: Equipment

309

may not be placed in such a way that it occupies the same space as a creature, mount, or another object.
Unfinished Cathedral
The great stone ribs of this place simply haven't been completed yet. Work swirls around you, the great unbroken chain of a century's design and creation. Benefit: You have [Immunity] to the [Prone] condition. Whenever you would move as the result of an offensive action an opponent takes, you may choose not to move instead.
Artifact Items
Apocalypse Gun [Mount]
This massive three-barreled cannon weighs your mount down tremendously, but the damage it deals makes structural problems a minor concern. Benefit: Once every seven [Rounds], as a standard action while riding your mount, you may create a 100 ft radius spread originating from target creature within [Extreme] range that moves with that creature and lasts three [Rounds]. Once per [Round] on your turn, without spending an action, you may deal 15d6 damage to all creatures within the spread. A successful Reflex save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) halves the damage.
Book Of Seven Lies
You remember nothing about this book. Benefit: Any one knowledge skill and any one interaction skill count as trained for you. You receive a +5 untyped bonus on all rolls involving those skills. Once per [Scene], you may use find the path, as the spell.

Orb of Exigencies
This mysterious orb engulfs you in a sheath of consumptive energy when you hold it. Benefit: You gain the Fly movement mode, and the "Elemental Strike" and "Elemental Shield" abilities of an Acid Elementalist with save DCs equal to (10 + 1/2 your level + your KOM). Mundane melee weapons that are not natural weapons used to attack you are destroyed after a successful hit (you are still hit, and dealt damage if applicable).
Steadyheart Steels
Glowing orange gemstone-like cores are set into the armor, offering a first intimation of preternatural power. Benefit: This heavy suit of plate provides a +5 armor bonus to AC. Also, the first time you are killed in a [Scene], you are immediately resurrected, with current hit points equal to 5 times your character level.
Oxidized Slab
Hardly a sword, this heavily rusted block of steel is crudely attached to a handle. Oxidized Slab: Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 3], [Magnum]. Artifact weapon: +4 item bonus to attack rolls. Benefit: When wielding this sword, you gain an extra ranged attack that can be used as an immediate action at [Close] range. This attack can be used regardless of what conditions are affecting you, provided you are not [Dead]. This attack does not gain additional damage beyond damage gained from your KOM and Strength modifier.
In addition, whenever you hit with this weapon, whether with a regular attack or the extra ranged attack, you may remove one of the following

310

conditions from an ally within [Long] range: [Battered], [Bleeding], [Blinded], [Burning], [Confused], [Dazed], [Dazzled], [Deafened], [Energy drained ], [Fatigued ], [Frightened ], [Nauseated], [Paralyzed], [Petrified], [Shaken], [Sickened], [Slowed], [Stunned].
Strange Eyepatch
This small eyepatch is covered in a design depicting a spear, with a single blinded eye enameled on the heft. Benefit: You gain a +4 item bonus to attack rolls. You may add the [Volley] descriptor to any of your ranged weapon attacks; these attacks with the [Volley] descriptor are applied against all opponents in a 10 ft wide line originating from you out to the limit of your line of sight or [Medium] range, whichever is shorter.
An Old Thread
An old red bit of yarn, greying with age. It has a single knot in it. Somehow, the knot depicts the image of an ankh. Benefit: You start each [Quest] with 4 Ankh consumables. You start each [Encounter] with 50 temporary HP, which stack with temporary HP from other sources.
Artifact Places of Power

of movement and adamant skin, as the spells, for the first 2 [Rounds] of any [Encounter].
The Bittersea Deeps
In the deep places of the world, things sleep. Some sleep well, others poorly. Some for now, some forever. Beneath the Bittersea, a vast creature rests almost awake eternally, poisoning the taste of the water for a hundred miles in every direction. Those empowered by the Deeps find that their abilities gain a certain ineluctable force. Benefit: You gain a +3 bonus to the DCs of all abilities you use. Once per [Encounter], any damage dealt by the next ability you use ignores [Immunity] and cannot be mitigated, reduced, or redirected by other abilities or effects.
The Iron Clan Archives
The living heart of modern dwarven lore, this collects the rulings of judges, the songs of dead skalds, the musings of recent philosophers, and the many other sundries of countless lives. Benefit: You may use legend lore, as the spell (this still requires the 1-hour casting time), at will. In addition, once per [Encounter], you may ask a specific question about each opponent within [Extreme] range, as if you had exceeded by 5 the DC of a Knowledge skill check made to identify each opponent. This does not require an action.

The Axle Clan Canon
The true record of all dwarven law for an entire epoch spans this enormous edifice, cut in glyphs large enough to form caves and walkways. Despite this, nothing at all is known of the Axle clan itself. Benefit: You may make a History check in place of any Diplomacy check. You are affected by freedom

The Mercury Reaches
Spread across the sky like never-falling clouds, these seas of mercury are hidden from prying eyes by arching mountains and stranger barriers. To behold them is to witness movement of unimaginable grace and grandeur.

Chapter XIII: Equipment

311

Benefit: The result of your initiative rolls is doubled. You never provoke attacks of opportunity.
The Tomb
Everything about this place is a sickening phantasm. Benefit: You may use major image, as the spell, at will. You gain a +3 bonus to Believability checks.
The Treadstone Plains
A maze of paths, walkways, and public amphitheaters, this huge sprawling plain is empty. No signs of cities, people, or even animal traffic besmirch the thick dust on these roads. Benefit: You may walk with a small party or caravan to any location you have been to in a single day, or the normal travel time, whichever is shorter.
You also gain a small private pocket dimension of your very own with a radius of roughly 600 ft, which you can access as if you had been there. This dimension may be entered through a week's journey of any creature who has been there before or is familiar with the location, and any creature tracking you with a Nature check (as explained in Chapter VII). Any creature may exit the dimension as they please, returning in a day's travel to the place from whence they came. This dimensional bubble starts empty except for a pathway of floating cobblestones that ends abruptly in its center. It may be expanded with time and effort at the GM's discretion into whatever type of structure or environment you wish within its bounds.
The dimension's area benefits from dimensional lock as the spell except that it only covers the area of the pocket dimension, and also grants any creatures inside a +5 bonus to saving throws against [Sensor] effects originating from outside the

dimension. Once per [Quest] you may ignore this effect to [Warp] yourself and any willing allies within [Medium] range into any location within the pocket dimension's bounds.
The Visited Place
Something changed this land. Dotted with strange mutable artifacts, but otherwise unchanging, the old part of the city remains the same as it was, right down to the fires. Those touched by these altered environs carry away a bit of its metamorphosis. Benefit: You gain a bonus feat, and a +1 bonus to all d20 rolls. You must meet all prerequisites for this bonus feat.
Custom Magic Items
While we present a fairly robust collection of magic items, you can never have too many implements for driving your enemies before you. To this end, the system below presents a workshop full of arcane secrets for creating and upgrading magical weapons, armor and shields... from your garden-variety flaming, freezing, electrical acid swords to hideously spiked, almost sentient walls on your arm and suits of shapeshifting platemail. This system also provides a toolbox for characters looking to enchant or upgrade their natural weapons, so long as they are willing to spend magic item slots on these enchantments as is normal.
Customized arms and armor, like other magic items of their type, have a normal set of mundane statistics, and a bonus to attack rolls or AC based on their Item Tier. Like any other magic item, a custom item's Tier ranges from Lesser Item to Artifact. For customized arms and armor, its Tier

312

determines the number of points that may be spent on enchantments in creating the item.
»» Lesser items: 1 point »» Greater items: 2 points »» Relics: 3 points »» Artifacts: 4 points Enchantments are magical enhancements and powers a custom item possesses. There are several important limitations on the use of enchantments: An enchantment may only be added to a given item once unless stated otherwise. Each enchantment has a point cost which must be spent to add the enchantment to a magic item. Thus, for example, a custom Relic weapon could consist of three 1-point enchantments, a 2-point enchantment and a 1-point enchantment, or a single 3-point enchantment. Each enchantment is labeled with one or more of the [Armor], [Shield] or [Weapon] tags to determine to which types of items it can be applied. For example, only an [Armor] enchantment can be added to a suit of armor, and if that enchantment also possesses the [Shield] tag, it could be applied to a shield instead. Many enchantments are more powerful on equipment of higher tiers, listing different or additional effects for higher tiers of items. Other enchantments only list effects for high-tier items despite a lower point value. No enchantment may be added to an item of a lower tier than the lowest for which it lists effects. If multiple tiers are listed before a single effect ­ for example, "Lesser/ Greater" ­ then the effect is the same for each of those tiers. Even if a creature possesses more than one item with the same enchantment, they only gain the benefits of that enchantment once. However,

if an enchantment has a limited number of uses per [Encounter] or [Scene], possessing multiple items with that enchantment grants an appropriate number of additional uses.
Upgrading Unique Items
As characters level up, they may find that their old items are less effective than they used to be. Using your old Blaze Bolter next to a party member who just moved up to an Oxidized Slab can be disappointing. The rules for customized equipment allow you to address this issue by upgrading magic weapons, armor, and shields ­ custom-generated or otherwise ­ by raising their item tier and adding enchantments.
To upgrade a piece of equipment, simply increase its Tier, increasing its attack or AC bonus appropriately, and add a number of points worth of enchantments equal to the allotment for its new tier, minus the allotment for its old tier. For example, to upgrade the aforementioned Blaze Bolter, a Greater Item, to an Artifact, you would add 2 points worth of enchantments since Artifacts gain 4 points of enchantments and Greater Items gain 2. The new abilities granted by these enchantments are in addition to all of the item's old abilities. Like most aspects of item acquisition, we leave the in-game process of upgrading items in this fashion to you.
Bear in mind that the abilities of existing magic items may not be as effective at higher tiers as similar low-value enchantments. Upgrading a unique weapon, suit of armor, or shield is an excellent way to keep your favorite toys relevant, but it has the potential to result in items that are weaker than expected for their Tier. Players should work closely with their GMs when upgrading an item to avoid shooting themselves in the foot.

Chapter XIII: Equipment

313

1-Point Enchantments
Masterwork [Armor] [Shield] [Weapon]
You'll notice that it shines. Also, it glistens. Lesser/Greater/Relic/Artifact: This item's item bonus to AC or attack rolls is increased by one if it is armor or a weapon; or its deflection bonus to AC is increased by one if it is a shield.
Sophisticated [Weapon]
It's the kind of weapon you could take out to a fancy party. Lesser/Greater: Choose one weapon property. This weapon gains that weapon property. This choice is permanent and cannot be made again if you stop using this weapon and use it again later. This does not allow you to add [Barbed] to a natural weapon. Relic/Artifact: Choose two weapon properties. This weapon gains those weapon properties. These choices are permanent and cannot be made again if you stop using this weapon and use it again later. This does not allow you to add [Barbed] to a natural weapon.
Adept [Armor] [Shield] [Weapon]
This implement of combat doubles as a tool of your trade. Greater: Choose one skill. You gain a +2 item bonus to that skill. Relic: Choose two skills. You gain a +2 item bonus to those skills. Artifact: Choose three skills. You gain a +2 item bonus to those skills.

Energized [Weapon]
Your weapon festers with energy. Lesser: Choose [Fire], [Cold], [Acid], [Electricity] or [Force]. Whenever you deal damage with an attack using this weapon, you deal 2 additional energy damage with the chosen descriptor. Greater: As Lesser, and either increase by 2 the damage with the chosen descriptor, or choose another descriptor and whenever you deal damage with an attack using this weapon, you deal 2 additional energy damage with the chosen descriptor. Relic: As Greater, and either increase by 2 the damage with the one of chosen descriptors, or choose another descriptor and whenever you deal damage with an attack using this weapon, you deal 2 additional energy damage with the chosen descriptor. Artifact: As Relic, and either increase by 2 the damage with the one of chosen descriptors, or choose another descriptor and whenever you deal damage with an attack using this weapon, you deal 2 additional energy damage with the chosen descriptor.
Detecting [Armor] [Shield] [Weapon]
This item empathically "watches out" for you in a way - warning of impending danger. Lesser: You are always aware of whether or not there are any opponents in your [Melee] range, though this does not tell you their location. Greater: You are always aware of whether or not there are any opponents in your [Close] range, though this does not tell you their location. Relic/Artifact: You are always aware of whether or not there are any opponents in your [Medium] range, though this does not tell you their location.

314

Dancing [Weapon] [Armor] [Shield]
The finely engraved embroidery truly conveys a sense of grace into your movements. Lesser/Greater/Relic/Artifact: You may make an extra 5 ft step on your turn if you spend your move action doing anything other than moving.
Extradimensional [Weapon]
This weapon is always in your grasp, whether it exists at this precise moment or not. Lesser/Greater/Relic/Artifact: You may call or dismiss this weapon at any time for no action cost, be it after being disarmed, during an attack action, or at any other point. When called, the weapon appears immediately in your hand, regardless of distance or planar boundaries. When dismissed, this weapon functionally ceases to exist until it is next called. As long as this weapon remains attuned to you, the Extradimensional enchantment functions as if you were wielding it.
Resilient [Armor] [Shield]
The plated metal is comforting, flexible, and unnaturally sturdy. Lesser: You gain a +1 item bonus to any one save. Greater: You gain a +1 item bonus to any two saves. Relic: You gain a +1 item bonus to all saves. Artifact: You gain a +2 item bonus to all saves.
Flying [Armor]
This armor grants the power of flight through means either obvious or not. Relic/Artifact: You gain the Fly movement mode and a +5 ft bonus to your movement speed.

Variable [Weapon]
Perfect for the general weapons master on the go. Lesser/Greater/Relic/Artifact: Once per [Round], as a free action, you may cause this weapon to lose all of its weapon properties, except for any weapon properties granted by abilities or temporary effects, and then gain a number of weapon properties equal to the number it lost.
Seeking [Weapon]
This weapon is perfectly happy to do the work for you. Lesser/Greater/Relic/Artifact: Whenever you hit with an attack using this weapon, you may forgo your base damage and all damage from feats, abilities and effects, dealing physical damage equal to your level + KOM, plus any damage from weapon properties or enchantments, instead.
Forceful [Shields] [Armor] [Weapon]
You can focus on this item to unleash a whirlwind of concussive force. Lesser/Greater: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may inflict [HP reduction] equal to your level + KOM on all opponents within [Melee] range and knock them [Prone]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Prone] condition. Relic/Artifact: Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you may inflict [HP reduction] equal to your level + KOM on all opponents within [Close] range and make them [Blown away]. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Blown away] condition.

Chapter XIII: Equipment

315

Streamlined [Armor]
Small clockwork fixtures hidden inside this armor enhance your movements. Lesser: You gain a +10 ft bonus to your movement speed. Greater: You gain a +15 ft bonus to your movement speed. Relic: You gain a +20 ft bonus to your movement speed. Artifact: You gain a +25 ft bonus to your movement speed.
Flesheater [Weapon]
Yuck. Lesser/Greater: Whenever you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you may cause that miserable opponent to begin [Burning] from something far too gross to describe accurately. Relic/Artifact: As Lesser/Greater, and whenever you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you may inflict the [Bleeding] condition on that opponent.
Traveler's [Armor]
You can go pretty much anywhere in this set of armor. Lesser/Greater/Relic/Artifact: You gain the constant benefits of the endure elements spell, the Swim movement mode, and moving out of a square of difficult terrain does not cost you extra movement.
Neutralizing [Weapon]
Every blow with the weapon puts you in a better position. Lesser/Greater/Relic/Artifact: Whenever you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you gain a +1 deflection bonus to AC against that opponent for one [Round]. This bonus stacks with

itself, up to a maximum of 1, + 1 per six character levels you possess.
2-Point Enchantments
Resistant [Armor] [Shield]
Flickers of energy are absorbed into the item's surface. Greater: Choose two of [Fire], [Cold], [Acid], and [Electricity]. You gain [Lesser resistance] against those two descriptors. Relic: You gain [Lesser resistance] to energy damage. Artifact: You gain [Resistance] to energy damage.
Vital [Armor] [Shield] [Weapon]
This item offers protection at a fundamental level. Greater/Relic/Artifact: You gain an item bonus to your maximum hit points equal to your level.
Spellstoring [Weapon]
The arcane chambers inlayed into this weapon allow it to store and release spells. Greater/Relic/Artifact: As a standard action, you may spend a spell slot of any circle. If you do, choose a spell you know of that circle or lower. Once per [Round], as a swift action, when you hit an opponent with an attack made using this weapon, if the chosen spell is not discharged from this weapon, you may note the result of your attack roll for that attack and cast the chosen spell without provoking attacks of opportunity as a [Surge] effect. If you do, that spell is discharged from this weapon. If the spell targets one or more creatures, you must choose that opponent as a target of the spell if able. If the spell targets one or more squares, you must choose one square that opponent occupies as a target of the spell if able. If you would

316

make an attack roll for an attack against a creature as part of casting the spell, compare the noted result to that creature's AC instead. If it equals or exceeds that creature's AC, that attack hits that creature. Abilities and effects other than the spell's effects that take place as the result of a hit or critical hit don't activate as a result of this hit.
At the end of each [Scene], all spells are discharged from this weapon. You may only be attuned to one Spellstoring weapon at a time.

Warpeater [Weapon]
This weapon keeps reality in check. Greater/Relic: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon for the second time this [Round], you may affect that opponent with dimensional anchor, as the spell. Artifact: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you may affect that opponent with dimensional anchor, as the spell.

Drinking [Weapon]
Blood flows from your foes' veins to yours. Greater/Relic/Artifact: Whenever you deal damage to an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you heal an amount equal to half the damage dealt, to a maximum of half your level.
Battle Cry [Weapon] [Armor]
Your fearsome equipment sings a song of blood and fear as it wallows in battle. Greater/Relic/Artifact: Once per [Encounter], as a swift action, you can yell a horrifying battle cry, making all opponents within [Close] range [Frightened] for 1 [Round]. A successful Will save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your CHA) negates the [Frightened] condition.
Spiteful [Weapon]
This weapon is a sore loser. Greater/Relic/Artifact: Whenever you fail a save against any effect, you gain a bonus to damage with this weapon against the opponent from whom the effect originated equal to your KOM until the end of the [Encounter]. This bonus stacks with itself, to a maximum of twice your KOM.

Wingeater [Weapon]
You don't even want to think about what this does. Greater/Relic: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon for the second time this [Round], you may cause that opponent to lose [Flying] and the Fly movement mode until the end of your next turn. Artifact: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you may cause that opponent to lose [Flying] and the Fly movement mode until the end of your next turn.
Bolstering [Armor] [Shield]
This gives you great comfort and the strength to continue against overwhelming odds. Greater: You gain [Fast healing] 4. Relic: You gain [Fast healing] 6. Artifact: You gain [Fast healing] 8.
Proactive [Armor] [Shield]
This half-sentient protection surrounds you with a whirlwind of spikes, blades and chains. Greater/Relic/Artifact: Any opponent that ends its turn within your [Melee] range takes damage equal to your KDM.

Chapter XIII: Equipment

317

Mighty [Weapon]
This weapon strikes blows that send foes flying. Greater/Relic/Artifact: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent in your [Melee] range with an attack using this weapon, you can spend a swift action to use the Bull Rush combat maneuver against that opponent. You may continue your attack action after the Bull Rush.
3-Point Enchantments
Wraithblade [Weapon]
This weapon scythes through the sturdiest of defenses. Relic/Artifact: Attacks made using this weapon gain a bonus to attack rolls equal to half of their target's item bonus to AC. This bonus does not stack with fury bonuses to attack rolls, although it is not a fury bonus.
Chameleon [Armor]
This armor disguises its wearer, much like the eponymous creature disguises itself. Artifact: You may use the Stealth skill as a swift or immediate action.
Spelleater [Weapon]
This implement of destruction bites beyond flesh and bone ­ down to magic itself. Artifact: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you may affect that opponent with dispel magic, as the spell.
Fortress [Shield] [Armor]
Blows aren't the only thing it blocks. Relic/Artifact: You gain [Immunity] to [Paralyzed], [Stunned], [Dazed], [Nauseated], and [Slowed].

Shockwave [Weapon]
A thunderous wake is left wherever it strikes. Relic/Artifact: Twice per [Round], you may add the [Volley] descriptor to one attack with this weapon; this attack with the [Volley] descriptor is applied against all opponents within a 60 ft wedge originating from you.
Unbending [Armor] [Shield]
Only the smith who forged it knows the secrets of this mystic metal. Artifact: You gain [Lesser resistance] to all damage.
Hearteater [Weapon]
This grisly weapon has a bite like none other - leaving incurable wounds. Relic: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon for the second time this [Round], you may inflict the [Battered] condition on that opponent until the end of your next turn. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Battered] condition. Artifact: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent with an attack using this weapon, you may inflict the [Battered] condition on that opponent until the end of your next turn. A successful Fortitude save (DC 10 + ½ your level + your KOM) negates the [Battered] condition.
Storming [Shield] [Weapon]
The clouds above are at your command. Relic: Once per [Encounter], you may cast the call lightning spell, with a save DC of (10 + ½ your

318

level + your KOM). Artifact: Once per [Encounter], you may cast the call lightning spell, and once per [Scene], you may cast the lightning storm spell. The DC for these spells is equal to 10 + ½ your level + your KOM.
Morphic [Weapon] [Armor] [Shield]
Without shape and form, it changes to suit your needs. Relic/Artifact: At the start of each [Scene], you may add up to two points worth of enchantments to this item until the end of the [Scene].
Whirling [Weapon] [Armor]
The centrifugal forces trapped within occasionally send you into a veritable whirlwind. Relic/Artifact: You no longer provoke attacks of opportunity while charging or suffer an AC penalty from the Charge combat maneuver. While using the Charge combat maneuver, you gain a +30 ft bonus to your movement speed, and may move into and out of squares occupied by opponents, moving them 5 ft away from your charge path, and dealing 5 damage to them. This movement does not provoke attacks of opportunity. Additionally, you may use the Trip combat maneuver with a +2 bonus to the DC in place of the melee attack at the end of the Charge combat maneuver.
Vorpal [Weapon]
One, Two! One, Two! And through and through. Relic: When making an attack using this weapon, your critical hit range expands to include the next three highest numbers on a d20 on which you would not otherwise score a critical hit. Artifact: When making an attack using this weapon, your critical hit range expands to include the next four highest numbers on a d20 on which you

would not otherwise score a critical hit.
Sample Custom Items
Chameleon Skin
When you first stretch this skintight suit over your body, you feel a stabbing pain all over your body, but it quickly subsides. Artifact armor: +5 item bonus to AC. Adept: Grants a +2 item bonus to Acrobatics, Larceny and Stealth checks. Chameleon: You may use the Stealth skill as a swift or immediate action.
Damascus Shield
Description: The smooth surface of this shield quivers a little depending on air currents. The water-like patterns in the steel shift as it does. Artifact shield: +4 deflection bonus to AC. Fortress: Grants [Immunity] to [Paralyzed ], [Stunned], [Dazed], [Nauseated], and [Slowed]. Resilient: Grants a +2 item bonus to all saves.
Immaculate Hilt
This finely wrought piece is untarnished, without even the fine marks of honing or the faint tell-tales of use on the handle. More curiously this hilt flows uneasily like melting butter, forming into any weapon of the user's choosing. Immaculate Hilt: Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 3] Artifact weapon: +4 item bonus to attack rolls. Variable: Once per [Round], as a free action, you may cause this weapon to lose all of its weapon properties, except for any weapon properties granted by abilities or temporary effects, and then gain a number of weapon properties equal to the

Chapter XIII: Equipment

319

number it lost. Vorpal (Artifact): When making an attack using this weapon, your critical hit range expands to include the next four highest numbers on a d20 on which you would not otherwise score a critical hit.
Ironmountain Plate
The traditional lines of this sleek armor give way to what look to be heavy modifications, with broad sharp plating added and anchored with dwarven runes. The craftsmanship marks this as the work of a master smith. Relic armor: +4 item bonus to AC. Masterwork: Ironmountain Plate's item bonus is increased by one. Vital: Grants an item bonus to maximum hit points equal to your level.
Pistolcaster
It's not a gun, that's for sure, not really. It'll fire bullets or even arrows in a pinch, but the strange struts and arcane wiring suggests this weapon has a higher purpose... or at least a more devastating one. Pistolcaster: Ranged, range [Close], [Arcane], [Brutal 2], [Magnum]. Greater weapon: +2 item bonus to attack rolls. Spellstoring: As a standard action, you may cast a spell into this weapon, storing it inside the weapon rather than gaining its normal effect. Once per [Round], you may choose to release a stored spell before making an attack with the Pistolcaster. The spell affects any one creature that attack hits; or if the spell would affect an area, the spell's area originates from and includes the square the creature occupies.
Rolling Thunder

This greataxe seems to be made from a single slab of iron. Incomprehensible runes and otherwordly creatures are engraved all over its surface. Rolling Thunder: Melee, range [Melee], [Brutal 2], [Scything]. Artifact weapon: +4 item bonus to attack rolls. Masterwork: Rolling Thunder's item bonus is increased by one. Mighty: Once per [Round], when you hit an opponent in [Melee] range with an attack using this weapon, you can spend a swift action to use the Bull Rush combat maneuver against that opponent. You may continue your attack action after the Bull Rush. Energized (Artifact): Whenever you deal damage on an attack using this weapon, you deal 8 additional elemental damage with the [Electricity] descriptor.
Simple Knife
This finely made blade looks like it's actually carved out of flint, though the hilt is very well-worked, and uses an exotic tanned leather. The only adornment is a single glyph that is cut all the way through the middle of the handle. Simple Knife: Melee, range [Melee], [Guardian], [Hold-out], [Thrown]. Relic weapon: +3 item bonus to attack rolls. Wraithblade: Attacks made using this weapon gain a bonus to attack rolls equal to half of their target's item bonus to AC. This bonus does not stack with fury bonuses to attack rolls, although it is not a fury bonus.
Vanguard
This beautifully-carved shield makes you feel healthier when you pick it up.

320

Greater shield: +2 deflection bonus to AC. Vital: Grants an item bonus to maximum hit points equal to your level.
Vera
This is your very favorite gun. Rumors suggest that a previous owner traded it for a slave, shortly before she killed him in his sleep. Vera: Ranged, range [Long], [Brutal 1], [Distant 2], [Magnum]. Greater weapon: +3 item bonus to attack rolls. Masterwork: Vera's item bonus is increased by one. Sophisticated: Vera has one extra weapon property.
Consumables
Players start each [Quest] length period with three consumables per character under almost all circumstances. Should players be exceptionally poor either in money or sense, they may end up starting with less. This is a fairly significant change, however, so consider it carefully. It can lead to failure becoming a slippery slope, as consumables are designed to take the edge off of that exact same slope.
We offer a large set of items with different durations, and enough of them that a single party is actually making meaningful choices about their loadouts. Notably, consumable items are rarely open to monsters, as it would not make sense for them to have such equipment. We use this to distinguish bosses, recurrent foes, and the like as well!
Finally, consumables offer something really special to players. Loot they can use right away, which directly affects their short term survival, and can be accumulated meaningfully, unlike

other magical or mundane items. This means that it is perfectly reasonable for players to find a chest of healing potions, or recover a pair of ancient Ankhs. Players should be able to expect one consumable per character about every 6 encounters, varying based on difficulty and likely not received all at once. On average, a character can expect to use or need a consumable about every three encounters, leading to a gradual but virtually inevitable loss of resources across the arc of the [Quest]. It's up to the GM how much this scarcity receives emphasis.

Consumable Rules Summary
»» Consumables normally require a swift action to activate, however exceptions exist.
»» Consumables listed with a skill are considered linked with it. A character that wants to use that consumable must have that skill trained.
»»A good general rule in trading or attempting to acquire Consumables is that a consumable is worth two Consumable items of the next tier down. Artifact Consumables cannot be traded down.
»»The Artifacts are never available for trade, and are generally only found as rewards for perilous quests, or created via a recipe as part of an Artifact level magic item. Some games may find it useful to make the Ankh considerably more available, however.
»»Again, we recommend that each player get 3 consumables per [Quest], of the following types:

Lvl. 1-4 Lvl. 5-9 Lvl. 10-20

Lesser 3 2 1

Greater 0 1 1

Relic 0 0 1

Artifact 0 0 0

Chapter XIII: Equipment

321

Lesser Consumables
Curious Monocle
Made out of a rather lovely lens and some strange little armatures, you'd swear this thing was almost alive. Skill required: Perception Benefit: For the entire [Scene], you gain a +4 bonus to your Awareness.
Firebrand
A quick dip in this oil engulfs your weapon in a flame that thirsts for flesh. Skill required: Larceny Benefit: For the duration of the [Encounter], opponents hit by your attacks begin [Burning].
Brush Shield
A side-effect of the shielding leaves your appearance distorted, as if the product of a water-color painter's desperate masterpiece. Skill required: Engineering Benefit: Activating this tiny clockwork engine wraps you in a powerful protective field for the duration of the [Encounter]. You gain temporary HP equal to twice your level.
Floating Eye
This clockwork eye floats on a tiny ornithopter, once you spin it up. Skill required: Engineering Benefit: You gain line of sight from a target square within [Medium] range in addition to your own for the remainder of the [Encounter].

Granite Spike
Snapping the granite spike, allows you to manipulate the shape of the world, the blessing of some fickle trickster god. Skill required: Geography Benefit: You cause an opponent to [Teleport] up to 45 ft in a direction of your choosing, but unless they are [Flying], their destination point must be on solid ground.
Healing Potion
There's one item thata persists across all universes in some form or another ­ a cheap and bitter brew that knocks some life back into you. Skill required: None Benefit: With the sound of a cork and a quick toss of your head, you swallow the bitter brew. A cheap healing potion made from a variety of bizarre and otherwise useless ingredients, imbibing it causes you to heal 5 hit points per character level.
Hollow Horn
This brittle thing carries a faint aroma of dusty tomes. Skill required: Arcana Benefit: As an immediate action, you may incorporate this tiny horn into the casting of a spell. This raises the DC for saving against that spell by +2. Multiple Hollow Horns do not stack.
Instant Tree
Just add ground. Skill required: Nature Benefit: You may place this tiny bonsai tree in an

322

General
Arcana Diplomacy Engineering
Geography History Larceny Nature
Perception

Lesser Item
Healing Potion Hollow Horn
Floating Eye Meat Grenade
Granite Spike
What Someone Else Knew Firebrand Instant Tree
Curious Monocle

Greater Item Formal Favor Gloss Armor Tiny Model Dragon's Blood Limited Diplomatic
Immunity Brush Shield Canned Lightning Daedelic Wings Intricate Headgear Affable Cube Shape Earth Spirit's Shielding
Friends in Low Places Strange Acid Flask Wolf Totem

Relic Rusted Ring
Illusory Terrain
Unhappy Juice

Artifact Ankh
Hourglass

Table 13-3 Consumables by skill and item type

adjacent unoccupied square, after which the tree instantly grows into a mighty oak, which is an obstacle that occupies a 5 ft square and creates a 30 ft radius spread originating from itself, which lasts for the remainder of the [Scene]. While in the spread, allies benefit from [Fast healing] equal to your level. The tree begins to wither and die at the end of the [Scene] if the environment is not suitable for its survival.

consumable for one [Round].
What Someone Else Knew
An ancestor or perhaps just a helpful ghost has volunteered their skill in place of yours. Skill required: History Benefit: You are treated as having trained a skill of your choice for the duration of the [Scene].

Meat Grenade
This ground meat rapidly rots, but turns to stone instead of putrescence. Skill required: Engineering Benefit: You may create a 10 ft radius spread originating from target square within [Close] range, which lasts for four [Rounds]. An opponent that begins its turn in or enters a square in the spread becomes [Checked] in all directions. Such an opponent may spend a move action to remove the [Checked] condition and ignore the effects of this

Greater Consumables
Affable Cube
Cheerfully bantering when given a chance, the little earth elemental in this cube of granite desperately wants to be helpful. Skill required: Geography Benefit: When you activate this consumable, you may create a wall of earth within [Medium] range. This wall consists of a number of 5 ft squares equal to your character level, with each square adjacent

Chapter XIII: Equipment

323

to another square. Each individual 5 ft square of the wall is an obstacle, has 50 HP, attacks against them automatically hit, and sections automatically fail saving throws. The wall may not be placed in such a way that it occupies the same space as a creature, mount, or another object. At the end of the [Encounter], the wall cheerfully vanishes into a promptly appearing disposal chute which just as promptly vanishes as well.
Canned Lightning
Crack open a refreshing can full of electrical potency! Skill required: Engineering Benefit: Until the end of the [Encounter], as a standard action, you can zap one target per circle you possess within [Medium] range, dealing damage equal to your character level plus your Key Offensive Modifier. Each target must be different.
Daedalic Wings
These wings of wax will carry you aloft, but not for long, and not too high. Skill required: Engineering Benefit: You gain the Fly movement mode until the end of the [Scene].
Formal Favor
Perhaps you're owed something by an old friend or a foe. Or maybe you have coerced someone or something dear to whoever you are talking to. Skill required: None Benefit: You gain a single token to use in this social encounter.
Friends in Low Places
Everyone knows the password is "swordfish," but you can find out which door to knock on, too.

Skill required: Larceny Benefit: You get two free tokens during this [Scene] that can be used in any social encounter with criminals or their corrupt allies.
Gloss Armor
Adventurers who forget to regularly bathe end up covered with layers of this resilient substance. Skill required: None Benefit: For the remainder of this [Encounter], you are coated in a fine thin shell of devilishly hard gloss, with a stony texture. You gain [Damage reduction] equal to twice the highest circle you possess. If you already possess [Damage reduction], it is instead improved by this amount.
Intricate Headgear
Until this rickety contraption blows a fuse or catches fire, it has benefits beyond making you look ridiculous. Skill required: Engineering Benefit: You gain [Tremorsense] out to your [Close] range for the duration of the [Encounter].
Limited Diplomatic Immunity
This piece of paper can be more poweeful than steel. Skill required: Diplomacy Benefit: You get two free tokens during this [Scene] that can be used in any social encounter with law enforcement or their allies.
Shape Earth
This gemstone is a favorite food of earth elementals, and they can be persuaded to do some heavy lifting in exchange. Skill required: Geography Benefit: For the duration of the [Scene] you can manipulate the terrain slowly with concerted

324

effort and the cooperation of nearby earth elementals. This lets you dig trenches and raise earthen battlements, or otherwise alter the earth to suit you within a 120 ft radius. Once you begin work, it takes at least an hour to affect any meaningful changes, and up to three hours for more intricate work like basic fortifications.
Spirit's Shieding
Someone up there is looking out for you, but you better not push your luck. Skill required: History Benefit: Once per [Encounter] for the rest of the [Scene], you may entirely negate one ranged attack that would otherwise hit you.
Strange Acid Flask
No one would put acid in a flimsy container that wouldn't hold it, though. That's something you're pretty sure of. Skill required: Nature Benefit: Tossing this at a point flask in space seems causes it to air-burst like a carefully timed explosive. Select any square within [Close] range. The flask tumbles end over end to hover there for a moment before detonating in a 20 ft radius burst. This deals 10 points of damage, and reduces the AC of anyone caught in the blast by 2 points per [Round] for 3 [Rounds]. Careful maintenance after the [Encounter] will remove this penalty.
Tiny Model
This small glass-encased diorama depicts a stone bier on an earthen mound. Skill required: None Benefit: Shattering the tiny model deprives a single target opponent within [Medium] range of the Fly

movement mode and [Flying] for the rest of the [Encounter]. It glides to the ground immediately, and may move up to half its movement speed once if this would cause it to land in something hilariously fatal, like lava or an event horizon.
Wolf Totem
With a touch and a whisper, the figurine dissolves into a caricature of a wolf, and circles you defensively. Skill required: Perception Benefit: For the remainder of the [Encounter]. Any opponent who enters [Melee] range is [Revealed] if [Invisible] or using Stealth.
Relic Consumables
Illusionary Terrain
Fortunately, you're not the only one seeing this. Skill required: Arcana Benefit: Allies within 15 ft of you gain 50% [Miss chance] for the next two [Rounds], as the world distorts into a nightmare of organic forms and impossible architecture.
Rusted Ring
This old piece of junk is still good for another shot. Skill required: None Benefit: When you invoke the powers of the ring, you immediately [Teleport] up to 550 ft, leaving behind a trail of rust as the ring disintegrates.
Artifact Consumables
Ankh
When you touch this golden talisman, you can feel a

Chapter XIII: Equipment

325

heartbeat almost in sync with your own. Skill required: None Benefit: An ankh is activated at the beginning of a [Scene], and expires at the end of that [Scene] even if it has not been triggered. If the character who activated the ankh dies or becomes [Unconscious], however, the ankh blows itself to shreds in an explosion of energy and revives that character immediately at half HP. Each character may use only two ankhs per [Quest].
Hourglass
By snapping this tiny egg timer in half, you release a swirling mist of salt and iron Skill required: None Benefit: One opponent in [Medium] range is imprisoned for one [Round]. The opponent is incapable of acting or perceiving its surroundings, but it gains [Immunity] to damage and [HP reduction], it cannot be targeted by an attack or ability, and line of effect is blocked between the creature and any attack, ability, or effect. Ongoing effects and conditions are not otherwise altered in any way, and do not count this [Round] against their duration.
326

CHAPTER
XIV Legendary Creatures

Most of the time, characters start out as plucky underqualified adventurers, and slowly build their way up to earth-shattering power. But a select few ­ demigods, titans, and influential leaders, for instance ­ can possess a few abilities that make them stand above their peers in some respect. These are Legendary characters, whose actions shake the foundations of the world. This is an optional section, and the abilities inside are meant to make things substantially more powerful than regular creatures. It's up to GMs to decide if and how Legendary can be acquired in the game.

What is Legendary?

Chapter XIV: Legendary Creatures

The [Legendary] subtype is a mechanism for depicting characters who are truly larger than life. These characters have more in common with Achilles, John Carter, or even Elric than they do with Odysseus, Sherlock Holmes, or the Musketeers. Fights against [Legendary] foes are enough to merit ballads in their own right, and often enter into the greater mythology of the world.
In general, [Legendary] characters can be considered two levels higher for the purposes of calculating encounters, but this is not a perfect analogy. Simply put, [Legendary] characters are not suitable for use as common monsters or mewling
327

recruits; they require a little bit more planning and thought. [Legendary] is also a mechanic for defining player characters, but it is critical that if one player's character is [Legendary], all the player characters should be.
There are four tiers, and at each tier you acquire a single ability. There are no dependencies between choices, so feel free to mix and match to build the larger-than-life megalomaniac you've always wanted.
Champion 1st level and up Fated 5th level and up
Immortal 10th level and up Legend 15th level and up
Champion
This is the first step towards a more profound destiny, the first display of greatness through some particularly adroit skill or powerful trait. For many characters, the ability granted at this tier is their most defining mechanical aspect.
Woldhewn: You halve energy damage and magic damage you would take, after [Resistance] and other effects that would reduce damage.
Indestructible: You halve physical damage you would take, after [Damage reduction], [Resistance] and other effects that would reduce damage.
Collateral Damage: The length of any wedge and line area effect you create is doubled. The radius of any spread area effect you activate is doubled. Whenever you would create any other area effect which covers squares a certain distance or number of squares away from a target square, that distance or number of squares is doubled.

Mr. Atlas: You get a +10 bonus to Acrobatics and Athletics.
Suave: You are as cool as a cucumber, though somewhat more deadly. You enter each social encounter with a free token on one opposing party.
Magic Bullet: Once per [Encounter], the next time you make a ranged attack, before you choose targets, you may gain line of sight to all creatures within range of that attack until the end of that attack. The attack ignores line of effect, [Covered], and [Miss chance].
Origin Story: You must take the Full Buy-In option to qualify for this ability (see Chapter XIII). Once per [Scene] at the start of an [Encounter] or between [Encounters], you may reveal the current version of your origin story. When you do so, you may pick a different track for your Full Buy-In track.
Chameleon: You always have the right tool for the job, demonstrating either a preternatural degree of preparedness or a distressing ability to fake it. Once per [Scene], you may use one of the following abilities:
»»As an immediate action when you hit with an attack, you may cause that hit to become a critical hit;
»»As a free action, you may gain any one feat you qualify for, for three [Rounds];
»»As a free action, you count as trained in an additional skill for three [Rounds].
Child of the Forge: You gain early access to a Greater Item, and may use it in addition to the normal Greater Items you are entitled to.

328

Fated
Your name is whispered by the firelight far from civilization. Tales of your deeds are sung in taverns the world over. Your footsteps shake the earth and leave nothing unscathed in your wake. Knowledge checks made to identify you are made with a +5 bonus.
Iron Monger: You gain early access to a Relic, and may use it in addition to the normal Relics you are entitled to due to your level.
Wayfarer: Once per [Scene], with the work of twenty [Rounds], you can form a short-lived bridge between a point within [Close] range and any point within a hundred miles. For three [Rounds], the entry and exit points of your bridge are treated in all ways as though they were adjacent squares. This allows line of sight and line of effect to be drawn. As the bridge is being formed, a tell-tale hum and an actinic glow are present at both the origin and the destination; a DC 15 History or Arcana check can identify the effect.
Awesome Presence: Bystanders are awestruck by your charisma or reputation. You enter each social encounter with a free token on everyone else.
Phantom: Once per [Quest], you can call in favors or exercise your considerable acumen to hush up just about anything, from a robbery to a political gaffe, all the way up to a brutal gunfight.
Bigger: The length of any wedge and line area effect you create is doubled. The radius of any spread area effect you activate is is doubled. Whenever you would create any other area effect which

covers squares a certain distance or number of squares away from a target square, that distance or number of squares is doubled.
The World Twists: You begin each [Encounter] affected by Illusionary Terrain, as the consumable.
Windblessed: Ranged attacks made against you from [Medium] or longer range simply fail, unless the source is [Legendary].
Full Sanction: Once per [Quest], you may use this ability by initiating combat during a social encounter. Doing so immediately ends the social encounter, but you suffer no social repercussions from any party other than the one you attacked.
Servant of Twelve Labors: You can move stunning amounts of material. With a [Scene]'s physical or mental labor, you can dig a small canal, dig a trench with built-in earth fortifications, or erect a solid fence around a military camp.
Summoner: By expending all your actions for a [Round], you may create a Minion anywhere within your [Melee] range. The Minions you create this way are always one level lower than you. These Minions die when you die, and collapse completely into dust, bones, or clay at the end of the [Encounter].
Immortal
Your ascension has begun in earnest, a sharp arc plotted against the terrible power you now wield. When people say your name, it is no longer a casual mention for most. Knowledge checks made to identify you are made with a +10 bonus, unless you took the Puppetmaster ability.

Chapter XIV: Legendary Creatures

329

No! Bigger!: The length of any wedge and line area effect you create is doubled. The radius of any spread area effect you activate is is doubled. Whenever you would create any other area effect which covers squares a certain distance or number of squares away from a target square, that distance or number of squares is doubled.
Plot Armor: Any evidence of your demise is a red herring. When you `die', you come back to life at the end of the [Scene]. If your body has been reduced to chunky salsa or finer (hit points reduced to less than -20 times your level), however, your death will stick this time.
Inhume: Once per [Quest], you can arrange for one non-[Legendary] NPC to suffer a horrible and nearly untraceable accident, one that is extremely fatal. This NPC cannot be more than one level higher than you. Be careful, though, as resurrection may be possible.
Puppetmaster: Knowledge checks made to learn anything about you automatically fail. Accounts of your exploits inevitably leave you out. Your role in events is quickly forgotten, though the events themselves often grace the pages of the history books. You've become nothing more than a bogeyman, a whispered myth.
Minions: You have a squad of five disposable minions who blindly obey your orders. Each of these minions is a character five levels lower than you. When one of these minions dies, you may replace it at the end of the [Scene]. Minions do not get consumables, are be built as creatures using Full

Buy-In, do not come with magic items, and cannot have [Iconic] feats.
Debts Reckoned: Some debts are bigger than men, nations, or gods. You are owed a debt by Fate itself, and you intend to collect. Three times per [Quest], as an immediate action, you may dictate the outcome of any one roll or bid, or the placement of any area of effect. Placements must still be legal and a single action may be affected only once. This ability may not be not suitable for all campaigns, and should only be taken with the GM's express permission.
Awesome Lair: You have a supremely cool lair. Perhaps it is a flying ship, or a burrowing castle. Perhaps a citadel complete with artillery, or a black tower that cannot be destroyed. Maybe you built it, or inherited it, or stole it. In addition to the single significant perk that this lair must possess compared to a normal lair, once per [Quest], you may opt to take the fight home or possibly take your home to the fight. If you do, you may design the terrain for a single [Encounter]. As a result, most [Legendary] lairs are distinguished by the fact that they are mobile.
Lionhearted: Some few were meant especially to lead, but many legends are about the led as much as the leaders. While within [Long] range of you, allies gain a single Champion-tier [Legendary] ability of your choice other than Suave. This choice, made when this ability is acquired, is permanent.
Singer of Earth and Tide: You are a master of creation and engineering. As long as you have something

330

to build on, you can create a bridge, solid wall, or large dome. This may require anywhere from an hour's effort for a structure the size of a small house or a bridge across a gap of only a few yards to a week's effort for a castle or other fortification large enough to hold a small army or a bridge up to five miles long. It is possible to call forth an even larger structure, but such a feat is almost always a group effort. Once per [Quest], you may render a structure you've created indestructible for the rest of the [Quest].
Scourge: With a gesture and a breath, you can annihilate most mundane objects. As a move action, you may fire a 45 ft wedge originating from you that destroys most mundane objects and materials. This allows you to sear a path into the earth, blow away bridges, level hillocks, and decimate city streets like Godzilla on cocaine. Characters caught in this blast are dealt energy damage with the [Fire] descriptor equal to your character level and begin [Burning].
Emplaced: With a week of effort, you can blend into the scenery, in a literal sense. By rendering yourself completely immobile for at least a week from the time you finish digging in, you gain an extra standard action every turn while you remain immobile.
Colossus: You're so big you're part of the terrain. You gain Ruinous Charge as a bonus feat. In addition, if you are not already [Huge], you become [Huge], and you occupy a 20 ft-by-20 ft square space, or with group approval after very careful scrutiny, any other space with 16 contiguous squares. (Some shapes work outside the scope of

our rules. Caution is advised.) Only creatures who occupy one of your squares can attack you. If you are not [Flying], [Swimming], [Burrowing], or [Soaring], a non-[Flying] adjacent creature may make an Acrobatics, Athletics, or Ride check (DC 10 + 1/2 your level + your KDM) as part of a move action. Success in this check means they enter an adjacent square you occupy of their choice and lose the [Burrowing], [Soaring], and [Swimming] conditions if they possessed any of them; failure means they are not able to enter a square you occupy, but the partial move action is still used up. A [Flying] creature may enter a square you occupy as if moving into an unoccupied square if you are not [Flying], [Swimming], [Burrowing], or [Soaring]. If you are [Flying], [Swimming], [Burrowing], or [Soaring], an adjacent creature that also possesses the same condition may make an Acrobatics, Athletics, or Ride check (DC 10 + 1/2 your level + your KDM) as part of a move action. Success in this check means they enter an adjacent square you occupy of their choice; failure means they are not able to enter a square you occupy, but the partial move action is still used up. Moving out of your occupied squares costs other creatures twice as much movement as normal. If a creature occupies one of the same squares as you when you move, then they are moved in the direction and distance you are moved to. If you gain [Flying], [Soaring], [Swimming], or [Burrowing] and a creature occupying one of your squares also has the related movement mode they also gain that condition. If a creature that occupies one of your squares does not have the movement related to the condition you are about to gain then they are moved to the nearest unoccupied space of your choice before you gain that condition.

Chapter XIV: Legendary Creatures

331

Legend
For many of your acquaintances, you are the closest thing to a god that they will ever encounter. If you have one of these abilities, Knowledge checks to identify you are made with a bonus of +20 unless you have the Puppetmaster ability, in which case the checks still fail.
A Bit of Gravitas: All opponents within [Long] range lose [Flying] and the Fly movement mode. Each creature which did not possess the Fly movement mode has its movement speed halved as long as it remains within range. This ability has no effect on opponents that also possess the A Bit of Gravitas ability.
Maniacal Laughter: The size of any area of effect you generate is multiplied by 4 in all dimensions. This stacks with any similar [Legendary] abilities.
Practicing Nihilist: You are become death, destroyer of worlds. You ignore [Immunity], and treat all [Resistance] and [Damage reduction] as though it were halved. You can choose for any [Negative] effect that originates from you to damage [Undead] creatures instead of healing them, and opponents with the Woldhewn or Indestructible [Legendary] abilities gain no benefit from those abilities against damage you deal.
Arrangements: Your shadowy assets and the agendas aligned with you have seen fit to remove obstacles from your path. Once per [Quest], if you can tell a great story about how your complex and convoluted plan has come to fruition, you may outright win a single [Encounter]. If the other side also has this ability, you trade off complex

counter-plots until one side tells a definitively cooler story. This power is not suitable for all campaigns and should only be taken with the GM's express permission.
Seeker: You find things... things lost, things gone, things alive, things dead, things that have never been, things that are yet to be. You have [Blindsight] and [Tremorsense] out to [Extreme] range, ignore all [Miss chance], and have [Immunity] to [Figments]. You can use discern location, as the spell, at will.
Protean: You have gone back to your roots. Way back, to the primordial roots. At the beginning of each [Quest], you may select two sets of tracks from class or race tracks, as though you were replacing the tracks you currently have. You may switch between these sets of tracks at the beginning of a [Scene] and completely alter your physical appearance with the exception of a single distinguishing and constant trait selected when you gain this ability. This power is not suitable for all players and campaigns, as it entails a considerable amount of book-keeping.
Technologist: Breakthroughs have become your stock in trade. Twice per [Encounter], you can cast any spell of 6th circle of lower that has an instantaneous duration, a duration of [Encounter], or a duration measured in [Rounds]. Twice per [Scene], you can cast any any spell of 6th circle of lower that has a duration of [Scene], but for each spell with a duration of [Scene] you cast this way, you decrease the number of spells you can cast with Technologist per [Encounter] by one until the end of the [Scene].

332

A Place To Stand: You can shift the very planets, altering forever the geography of a world. Once per [Encounter], as a standard action, you can rearrange the positions of all squares within [Extreme] range, transporting all creatures, effects and terrain features on those squares with them. If a creature occupies more than one square, you must move the squares it occupies as a single unit. In addition, you can target [Burrowing] creatures even if you are not [Burrowing] or lack line of effect to them.

Old Hero [Legendary] ability if you have the Puppetmaster [Legendary] ability.
Old Mage: Only the wisest mages reach old age. You are permanently affected by a single spell you can cast. If your chosen spell's effects are exhausted (as may be possible for spells like spell turning or stoneskin) or ended by a [Dispelling] effect, its resumes at full power at the end of the [Encounter]. You may change this spell at the beginning of each [Quest].

Titan: You have [Immunity] to physical damage if you also have the Indestructible ability. Otherwise, you halve physical damage you would take, after [Damage reduction], [Resistance] and other effects that would reduce damage. You cannot take the Titan ability if you have the Puppetmaster ability.
Tap Leyline: It turns out that old arts die hard. You may lay a spell you can cast into the very spirit of a place, be it a city, ancient glade, or mage's tower. The anchoring of the spell gives it permanency, and it cannot be dispelled or disrupted without completely destroying the enchanted location. You may choose to dismiss the effect from its present location, and anchor a spell at a new location at the beginning of each [Scene].

Hero Rising: Heroism has a certain kind of inertia, a sense of the unstoppable. At the end of your turn, you gain a +1 bonus to all d20 rolls until the end of the [Encounter]. If you already have a bonus to d20 rolls from this ability, it increases by +1 instead, to a maximum of ½ of your level. You gain a bonus to your movement speed equal to +10 ft per +1 to d20 rolls gained through this ability.

Old Hero: You've stayed alive by learning valuable lessons the extremely hard way. You have [Immunity] to energy damage and magic damage if you also have the Woldhewn ability. Otherwise, you halve energy damage and magic damage you would take, after [Resistance] and other effects that reduce damage. You cannot take the

Chapter XIV: Legendary Creatures

333

APPENDIX
A-1 Area of Effect Templates

Wedges
Wedges come in two varieties: diagonal wedges and orthogonal wedges. Wedges are determined as follows:
»» Step 1. If the wedge originates from a square, the source of the effect chooses a vertex of that square. If the wedge originates from a creature, the source of the effect chooses a square that creature occupies and chooses a vertex of that square.
»» Step 2. The source of the effect chooses one non-diagonal direction, then chooses either one other non-diagonal direction that is not opposite the first chosen direction or each other non-diagonal direction that is not opposite the first chosen direction.
»» Step 3. The area of a wedge includes each square within a distance equal to the wedge's length of the vertex chosen in Step 1 that is two of the directions chosen in Step 2 from that vertex. If more than two directions were chosen in Step 2, the area of the wedge includes only squares that are no less distance in the first direction chosen in Step

2 than in any other direction chosen in Step 2 from that vertex.
The facing page features two templates wedges: a diagonal wedge (diagram 1-1) and an orthogonal wedge (diagram 1-2). The listed numbers are in feet; consult them to determine if your wedge would reach that far.

334

Diagram 1-1: Diagonal Wedge Template
Diagram 1-2: Orthogonal Wedge Template

Appendix A-1: Area of Effect Templates

335

Lines
Lines are determined as follows: »» Step 1. If the line originates from a square, the source of the effect chooses that square. If the line originates from a creature, the source of the effect chooses a square that creature occupies. »» Step 2. The source of the effect chooses one non-diagonal direction. The source of the effect may then choose another non-diagonal direction that is not opposite the first chosen direction. »» Step 3. The source of the effect chooses one non-diagonal direction. If only one direction was chosen in Step 2, this direction cannot be the same as the direction chosen in Step 2 or the direction opposite that direction. (Otherwise this direction may be the same as a direction chosen in Step 2.) »» Step 4. The area of a line includes the following: 4a. Each square within a distance equal to the line's length of the square chosen in Step 1 that is each of the directions chosen in Step 2 from that square and is equal distance in each of the directions chosen in Step 2 as in each other direction chosen in Step 2 from that square. If only one direction was chosen in Step 2, each square must be in the direction chosen in Step 2 and no other direction from the square. 4b. Each square within a distance equal to half the line's width of any square from Step 4a that is the direction chosen in Step 3 and no other direction from that square, and each square within a

distance equal to half the difference of the line's width and 5 ft of any square from Step 4a that is the direction opposite the direction chosen in Step 3 and no other direction from that square.
The facing page features two templates for lines: a 5 ft wide line (diagram 1-3) and 10 ft wide line (diagram 1-4). The listed numbers are in feet; consult them to determine if your line would reach that far.
Spreads
The facing page features the template for spreads (diagram 1-5). The listed numbers are in feet; consult them to determine if your spread would reach that far.

336

Above: Diagram 1-3: 5 ft wide line template Left: Diagram 1-4: 10 ft wide line template Below: Diagram 1-5: Spread template

Appendix A-1: Area of Effect Templates

337

